The breaking news is that you can get a heads up on tech info on how to become a commercial airline pilot from CNN. The high ratings for CNN and its coverage of the flight 370 go on since the how and the why of the investigation are a puzzle but the Where is getting closer to solve. If some terrorist group claimed responsibility, if the Malaysian government was more upfront, if the Chinese were more cooperative, then this story dies in the ocean. I feel so sorry for all the families who must suffer hourly that their loves ones on the flight are not accounted for. IT seems to be BOTH deliberate and some sort of malfunction. Viewers are starting to lose interest in this just finding the "haystack" in this search.
These Republitard morons want to discourage anyone from opening your mind to any anomaly discoveries that would alienate their money-hold on you. They want you to follow their lead only; keeping you dumb down and in there control. The real truth is, that plane entered a dimensional space portal and vanished. Is it really that hard to believe? If you lived in the dark ages and I came to you and told you about magnetic properties of a magnet and explain how they could change your life by creating electricity to have air condition, TV, phones and all the electronics we have today. You would call me crazy, and ask if I wear a tin hat and laugh with your stupid friends. Magnets are an anomaly. No one knows how magnets get their “magical” magnetism power, but we use them every day to have a civilized life. If not for the magnet, we would still be using fire as light and heat. The magnet is the most important discovery in history. Even if the pilot radioed in about a spiral opening in front of them, the authorities would destroy that evidence.
And the liberal morons wonder why some tune to Fox. This idiot is sure there is no god but not so sure about a black hole here on earth. Really? Where does CNN get these people? And Shieavo is not much better suggesting a small black hole could suck in the entire universe. Mary honey there are super massive black holes at the center of vitually every Galaxy including our own Milky Way. So far as I can tell they havent sucked in the universe yet. But then again they are not small ones.
It is actually a wormhole. or the aliens decided to make contact with earth it is preposterous to assume that the plane sank in the ocean in the absence of any material debris-they would have found it in the last sixteen days so much for our inefficiency- moment the transponders were off and pings still on - deploy fighter planes or whatever plane to air track MH370 and force land somehow -precious seven hours sincerely believe and hope and pray for the passengers to come back safely
Back in the dark ages, when I was a kid, folks relied on the newspaper for most of the news. Since it was published once a day, there was a good chance something had happened. Since everyone took the paper, businesses advertised. The newspapers made money. The papers hired reporters who had "beats" - they understood the folks they covered. We were not inundated with details as they happened. We read stories which pulled the facts together and wove them into a story. We now are inundated with bits of data and it's up to us to try to piece them together to make sense of society.
the news really needs to stop having "breaking news" about stupid reports that may be true. every day i turn on the news to see if they have found the plane and every time i turn it on there is BREAKING NEWS. i read what the breaking news is and it usually says something along the lines that there may be debris in the ocean, or that it is believed that the plane may have turned right at some Waypoint. Don't keep having breaking news, when there is nothing new to talk about....the media is doing a horrible job with this story.
No, it's been the same on just about all of the major news carriers. "Today we're guessing that it's in (throw the dart please)."
"Breaking news'' is CNN's way of telling the viewer they have nothing to report but stay tuned in case-and the dummies do.
@EJ I know! At this point in regards to the news agencies covering this story I believe one of two things, either they do know what is going on and they're doing a terrible job bull@#$%ing us by trying to get us thinking in twelve different directions. Or, what I personally believe, they don't have a clue what is going on, and are scrambling for get a hold of anything that is related to the subject, whether its credible or not. I don't see why there are so many arguments or recent developments on things you'd think would be checked before 13 days go by considering how big of a team they have working on this. I don't know, I hope the folks are alright, but I'm pretty sure we're going to find their bodies at the bottom of the ocean somewhere. No conventional terrorist organization would have waited this long to take advantage of the attention this incident is causing globally, and that is the only real theory that leaves the possibility of them being alive a likely occurrence. As for black hole theory, yeah CNN is really showing off its ignorance now. Don't they know black holes suck up all matter, not just a plane? Just goes to show how ridiculous this search is becoming.
Getting to the point of A Black Hole been the answer, that's funny :) I bet you can only report the same stuff without any new information over and over for so long that you lose it. Day 1 Malaysia Airline Flight 730 has gone missing! Day 2 Malaysia Airline Flight 730 is still missing and we got some reports... Day 3 Search Continues for Malaysia Airline Flight 730, man that's a lot of water. Day 4. Investigation continues for Malaysia Airline Flight 730 Day 5. Families await to know about Malaysia Airline Flight 730 Day 6. Authorities are looking into Malaysia Airline Flight 730 Day 7 Nations have agreed to search for Malaysia Airline Flight 730 Day 8 China uses satellites and might of found something Day 9 well china found nothing on Malaysia Airline Flight 730 day 10 American ship is pulling out of search for Malaysia Airline Flight 730 Day 11 Another debris could be the possible Malaysia Airline Flight 730 Day 12 Hijackers could of done something! act of terrorism? Day 13 Nope.. never mind it was just illegal immigrants Day 14 Data erased on Malaysia Airline Flight 730 Delete button can be too sensitive. Day 15 Malaysia Airline Flight 730 could have flown under the radar Day 16 Malaysia Airline Flight 730 is HUGE! Come, on how can we not find anything! Day 17 Malaysia Airline Flight 730 could of flown away under the radar Day 18 Malaysia Airline Flight 730 search continues Day 19 You know what, I give up. A black hole took the Airliner people, that's right! Day 20 Malaysia Airline Flight 730 My black hole theory has not worked but I have created a conspiracy theory that is sure to blow out :) (In the end I just pray for the families, May God comfort their hearts and get some good news soon!)
so are u saying black holes dont exist? because there is that atom collider in europe that creates dark energy... black holes... maybe they was finally able to harness this energy correctly?
It's 730 somewhere in the world, so I think I'll have a beer!
it's 3:30 here and i'm having a beer!
After seeing this #$%$ non stop for 2 hours while I was at the gym today I hope nobody ever bashes fox again. CNN Russia: No Coverage Iran: No coverage Economy: No Coverage Obamacare: No Coverage What was CNN talking about? Did somebody shoot it down? Did somebody fly it to an off the drif airport? Black Holes? And Alien? Yes one of their experts actually brought up Aliens, yes aliens #$%$!!!!! Dear all of my liberal friends, please never bash Fox news again or at least compare us to CNN, because they are now officially a joke. And Screw the beer and give me some bourbon if I have to watch CNN for one more second. I could make a drinking game out of the stuff the are saying and I would be hammered in about thirty seconds. CNN= Crazy No talent Nutjobs
Punk Rock, just what grade did you flunk out of school? That is undoubtedly the most hilarious reply I've ever seen. By the way, there's this funky egg in Europe that gives you eternal life...
Marcus Just because another network sinks to the stupidity level of Fox News doesn't mean that Fox isn't the worst and most untruthful and biased network in television medium. Besides, since you are a right-winger your ignorance probably extends to the fact ( something which you probably can't comprehend ) that The owner of Fox, the criminal Rupert Murdoch, as mentioned in the article, has also weighed in with aridiculous theory about the missing flight.
Is the black hole over the ocean or in the newscasters skull?
MikeN You're as crazy as they come!!
I do want the plane found so that the family members will know what happened to their loved ones. It is really difficult to see and hear their pain. I wish the media wouldn't be shoving cameras in their faces. I have reached the "saturation" point with this though. I wouldn't mind hourly updates, but this minute by minute reporting of the same things, and then bringing all the various "experts" to talk this to death, is beginning to make me feel irritated.
MikeN So you want me to watch MSNBC who suthports the destruction of the constitution and kisses Obama's #$%$ every chance they get? I watched 5 minutes of Chris Matthews once and had to turn it off before I threw up. It makes me sick that my dad died in Afghanistan fighting for the rights of communist, anti-American traitors like him. I will not watch a network that supports the raising of taxes, the confiscation of guns, the un-affordable healthcare act, the destruction and weakening of our military, and supports the stealing of my hard earned money and redistributing it to the poor. I make 25K and I am sick and tired of having my hard earned money STOLEN from me on a weekly basis. You are damn right I watch patriotic, proud of our military and not against it, proud of our constitution, and the only network that addresses the plights of real hardworking Americans like me, FOX news is the only decent news network in this divided country. Barrack Obama is the President of the communist blue states of America. I live in the free, pro military, pro-constitution, capitalist and free red states of America.
What the heck is going on with the news? Is reality not that interesting to report on? Are we literally in the days of Robocop type news casts that are so outlandish they serve nothing more as a distraction to the public? News flash if a plane breaks up and is allowed to sit in the ocean for a couple weeks it probably sank! Its the ocean! We haven't mapped all of it yet. They looked in the wrong direction. If it did land in another country somewhere and the authorities don't know about it. Then sure! I'll give the conspiracy people credit. If another attack does happen with a 777 or some other dam plane. The first thing I am going to look at is the governments response. They have a new bill that limits more civil liberties? Then and only then will I consider those scenarios. Until then lets get back to reality. A missing plane with no answers? SOMETIMES that happens in this world.
The news channels these days seem to get their news directly from the internet. They do little to no fact checking, and are meant purely for entertainment, rather than informing the public of actual relevant news.
That's what happens when you're required by law to make more profit every year.
I have a conspiracy theory to also give that the world is not ready for. The passengers and the pilots all were coached before its disappearance to join in a conspiracy to launch Hostess Brand (Cupcakes, and Twinkies) back to popularity. Right now as we speak the plane is being painted yellow, and soon it will fly over the world where the passengers will jump out of the plane and disperse creme filled goodness all over by dropping packages upon packages of twinkies and cupcakes to the regions they fly over. World peace is the mission they are after as they look to bring the world together one sweet bite at a time.
Matt I Want what you're Smoking!!! At first I thought you were advertising a New Sci-fi PornO .... Then I realized you are Just High and have the Munchies!!!!!
DUH I think it was the yeti! Makes about as much sense as the black hole idea. The plane is unfortunately at the bottom of the Indian Ocean. Only about 150 miles west of the last known position of the plane is one of the deepest oceans on the planet. If the plane went 200 miles east and crashed in the ocean it would have sunk just like TWA 800, only the depth would be about 7000 meters! It may be decades before this plane is found. God rest the souls of the passengers. I hope that the search will continue.
Dave you need to notify the White House and get them going to that area. That guy thinks it was a black hole that sucked them down. One day the sea will give up the dead....
Dave, can you explain why the plane sent a signal back to Boeing for 6 hours after it would have plunged into the one of thedeepest oceans on the planet?...
Dave, thousands of things on that plane float including human bobies. Where are they?? Oh yah at the bottom.
Mark: Bodies firmly strapped into their seats.
150 miles West would put them in about 300ft of water.
Correction; about 50ft of water or at N. tip of Thailand.
Did they mention the Rapture? I'm surprised if they didn't. Like those books of End Times where people disappear without a trace.
Murdoch is now making accusations....that the plain is probably in Pakistan like bin laden, is that all that comes to his mind? The usual racist talk of course. The plan is at the bottom of the ocean, why cant they just get a submarine to check it out
Uh, I am more confused about the second statement: "Even a small black hole would suck in our entire universe". The fudge!? Where did they learn science? There are supermassive black holes at the center of every observable galaxy, including our own. What they should have said is, "It wasn't a black hole because this isn't a scifi film. Black holes don't appear for a few seconds to send a plane off to be eaten by the Langaliers, or back to 1941 in the middle of the Pacific Fleet." IF a roving black hole appeared anywhere near our solar system, let alone within our atmosphere, we would have a lot more to worry about than a missing airplane.
@KingofGods - you are correct of course. If it had been a Black Hole in Malaysia, we wouldn't be having this conversation. It wouldn't suck in the whole universe, but it would obliterate the Earth and that would ruin my weekend plans.
Thanks to KingofGods post I am now on a mission to watch The Final Countdown.
1+ I lol'd when I heard her
Does it surprise you? Most people have no clue about the Astronomy, but many know all of the classifications in Astrology, and of course there is also The Bible... I think people in general like to live in fantasy worlds, we have a difficult time accepting the world as it really is.
What he meant is worm hole . The plane gone through it and is now in a parallel universe .
@Jessica - he shouldn't need an interpreter, it's an English language broadcast and he speaks English....although perhaps not Science.
Jessica, Substituting "worm hole" for "black hole" in the article doesn't make any more sense. In fact, since worm holes are only theoretical, it makes less sense. I think they really meant black hole, and are just completely ignorant of what a black hole is. Which is sad and depressing as its hard for me to understand how everyone doesn't get as excited about science as I do.
Great comment. Most people don't even know what a black hole is. Light cannot escape it, its so dense. And light goes around the earth 7.5 times in a second. And to think there are stars billions of light years away. Now take a truck, no a building, no an entire city, country, better yet shrink the entire earth into a golf ball. But the earth weighs the same. You cannot fathom that. For this to be a black hole the actual black would be a billionith of the size of one cell. Come on the logic is nonsense. And none of us would be here.
News anchors are a thing of the past. They are nothing more than a pretty face with bad vocabulary and little general knowledge. They do know how to read a teleprompter for the most part. Don: you forgot to report that the covert MIB (Men in Black) agency leaked that alien pirate ships from the planet Zircon were reported in the area at the time of the disappearance. I'll send you a tweet if I hear anything from my source from the Nebula region.
You're obviously not talking about FOX News!
I (hope) you are being sarcastic, but yeah he's talking about ALL of them. Show me a competent, trustworthy source of news and I'll show you an honest politician ;)
FOX News doesn't have reporters or journalists. They have actors who read the lines scripted by the big boss man. That is a fact, the whole day's talking points are laid out every morning by Roger Ailes.
EBG...Of course I am being sarcastic. I'm Irish . It's in my genes. Words are toys to play with.
The state of logical thinking in the world would be better if the media would stop giving equal weight to people proposing stupid ideas like these. The plane crashed. We don't know where. We may never know where. This does not mean they were teleported, abducted by aliens, fell through time to the far future, or simply turned to fairy dust when Tinkerbell got sucked into an engine. Once upon a time, the crazy of the world were limited to whatever street corner they could stand on. Now, the media gives the antiVaxxers and the rabid flat earthers equal weight with scientists with actual facts. And you can't really blame the population for not knowing who to believe, since the media's lust for ratings makes it put out the most outlandish nutcases and call them experts while ignoring true experts.
I agree, they should just report the most logical answer until they find real stuff to report
And your dig at people that don't believe in yearly vaccination shots in order to give big pharma more profits and people denying man made global warming is just unwarranted.
allen - I do blame people for their own inability to stay current with facts. Jonathan - Refusing to vaccinate children will lead to the re-emergence of disease epidemics. I have five little cousins who died in the fall of 1912 from diphtheria in Cleveland. Those five homes must have been inconsolable and the children must have suffered terribly. The family in total must have taken years to recover from the loss.
Jonathan. Actually, big Pharma doesn't make that much money off of vaccines. It is a low margin, high risk business. And as Annie, says, refusing to vaccinate children has widespread consequences. The real power of vaccination is that the larger community is protected. If the percentage vaccinated falls below a certain point it provides an opening for disease. We are already beginning to see that happen with Whooping Cough. See the Atlantic Cities post on this from Jan 22 2014. I'd post the URL, but it's not allowed in this forum to prevent spammers.
I am responsible for the media being idiots. Sorry. Long ago, we showed that logical News didn't get the ratings of emotional News. Ever since then, it's been a downward spiral. "This may be the News," should be the sign-on for TV news "shows."
so I bet you think aliens do not exist? and there are no such things?
Allen: The problem is not the people being interviewed, but the people asking the questions! These talking heads are all idiots and they ask stupid and annoying questions because that is their only point of view....they know no better and are not smart enough to figure it out. These people should only report the facts....that is their job. Jonathan: Everyone is entitled to their opinion as silly as it may be and you should listen to the facts once in a blue moon (vaccinations do not cause autism, and global warming denial is actually quite common among the scientific community, although you will never hear that in your small sphere). That may help YOU make a sane and intelligent comment once in a while. In the meantime, put your tin foil hat back on and continue to tune into CNN and Comedy Central as your only source of information.
Perhaps Lemon still believes in the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus. So I would be careful not to upset his world (whatever world that is) that HE lives in. The CNN exec's might want to have a little talk with him and they just might want to suggest a possible psych evaluation. Or, this just might be another one of CNN's ways of drawing attention to them selves. After all their ratings are in the toilet right now and they might figure what the heck what have we got to lose.
It is so obviously that Poseidon released the Kraken in the general area of the Indian Ocean and he thought, "I think I will grab that plane at 31,000 ft. and hope like hell Medusa's head isn't on the cargo manifest!"
It is so obvious Poseidon released the Kraken in the general area of the Indian Ocean and he reached his long arm up 31,000 ft to #$%$ this annoying plane.
CNN's ratings are actually going UP at the moment because of the plane coverage. Their reporters are all idiots as we know, but the masses of low-information voters are dying to know what happened to that plane, and all the news networks are dying to be the first to make a substantive claim.
No he does not believe in either, Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny because both are WHITE, And being a BLACK RACIST he see's only in Black!!!
The media will do anything to get as much mileage out of news story as possible. Let's face it, this could not get any better for the media. They love it. They can devote endless prime time covering the story which is just recycling over and over and over and over the same information. This fertile ground for conspiracy theories and for the many quacks out there who conceive them. The plane crashed somewhere and is at the bottom of the ocean.
Anything to take attention away from the Obamacare debacle.
CNN hasnt reported any news on this story in two weeks.
You mean to tell us that the oceans are vast and we haven't been able to find the plane? Nonsense, I think extraterrestrials stole the plane and took it to planet Kolob. lol
Belushi You're not suppose to remember that anymore. Didn't you get the memo? LOL
The fact that the question was even broached in the manner that it was (questioning... gee, could it be possible?) is a sad commentary on the overall knowledge of science on both the part of the host and by the general public. So, glad that Mary Schiavo was the guest and not some lame ignorant member of congress ! Otherwise we may have heard the idea that the jet landed on an island but the island sank from the weight of the plane !
Actually; as with all news with guests; they go over what will be talked about before hand, so for her to even allow him to bring up something so preposterous only shows that CNN and the other cable shows are running this tragedy into the ground for the money it is generating from advertising; pathetic.
but what about the Bermuda triangle theory or aliens or secret government bases or all the cases like Brad mentioned where the conspiracies were the truth? you guys might not want to know the truth... But so far there is no "reasonable" explanation, and if you think the government is going to tell you the truth you are ignorant ..
With America being so 'Christian', I'm surprised that no one yet has suggested that god took the plane.
The sad and sick thing is companies upping their advertising during air-time for this story on television. What a greedy world. Anyway, here is my two cents. Plane was obviously hijacked or purposely flown off course by the pilot. Either works in my theory. After the plane is deliberately flown off course it did one of three things: 1, it gradually lost elevation as it glided into the ocean causing the plane to stay in tact as it sank to the bottom. 2, plane has successfully been stolen and put in the hands of enemy country such as North Korea. Search will never find the plane. Years from now, said plane will be loaded with something to destroy a lot of people. Plane will take off and "enter air space as a regular flight" and be tracked like a regular flight. All will seem fine and dandy until said plane smashes into a city causing mass devastation. 3, pilot error and crashed into ocean after gradual decline. (close to theory 1). Either way, all souls on board have been eliminated by either crash or terrorism. Sad sad loss no matter how it ends.
Why would anyone hold to a plane for years? You also stated it was obviously hijacked but then cited possible pilot error. Did the pilot unknowingly hijack his plane which led to an error?
I agree about the commercials. However, they could have had this time contracted months ago. Hell, maybe they caused it to go missing just so they could show their commercials! haha. You are right though. Sadest thing is that the families of the victims dont know what happened
While it is true that the money from advertising aspect is unfortunate being based around this tragedy/mystery, doesn't some of that fall on the viewers as we're the ones watching the channel around the clock?
You can't just "enter air space as a regular flight" if you AREN'T a regular flight! The second you are picked up on radar, your squawk code is read and you are identified as an airline, flight number and origination. If you are aren't scheduled, you are invading the airspace and fighters will be scrambled.
yeah unless they also have super skilled hackers to mess with that system and make it look like a regular flight so no one noticed anything
How about this: Plane never hijacked or crashed but was commandeered by Michelle Obama for her vacation trip to China.
Wow Jenna - read the Enquirer much?
i think to ask that question shows an entire lack of understanding about what a black hole is! it is a massive concentration of matter in a very small space that uses gravity to draw matter and energy into the mass and absorb it into its matrix. It is not selective in what it absorbs, it takes everything related to matter or energy. that means a black hole on earth would absorb the earth and create a distortion of space time where the earth once stood greater then our sun itself. black holes do not just appear they REQUIRE a massive (very large) compression of matter to overcome the repulsion of the electrons and protons of an atom and that is zilllions of atoms (maybe even a googleplex). a black hole does not go away once it is created so it would still be there if it sucked in the plane (the last line is for those who still think a black hole is selective).
Wow, thank goodness you're here to explain this stuff!
Perhaps it was just a tiny amount of black hole, like half a teaspoon full.. that sucked the Jet in. It could happen.
HEY!!! STOP RIGHT THERE! This is the news. This is not about logic or reason this is about sensationalism designed to create anger and or fear of (insert item here).
Dennis, this is why we should be able to openly insult people who ask stupid questions like that. I also like the people who honestly believe aliens took the plane. "Hmm, yes. Perhaps the aliens took the jet, just like they took your brain."
A wormhole would be much more plausible.
There is the matter of theoretical "primordial" black holes, which are supposedly extremely tiny vestiges of the Big Bang. Of course it wasn't a black hole that swallowed the plane, but not all black holes are created (in theory) by collapsing stars. I think the 24-hour news cycle is an intellectual black hole of a different kind.
A black hole would only absorb the earth if it was moving slowly through our system. Since rouge black holes will most likely be moving at high relative speeds, it is unlikely it would absorb our planet. Of course a black hole that would be large enough to take a plane would leave very obvious signatures.
Dennis what I was thinking believe me if it were a black hole none of here would be reading this and no its not ET or Bermuda triangle ether.People look at a picture of the Indian Ocean or the Pacific HUGE Places!!!!! the Hi islands etc are specks so imagine an airplane in all this water.Also all this time currents carrying the debris all over and the bodies this part of world not only sharks but barracuda and barracuda is meaner than sharks. Not to mention debts of some of places in these oceans so deep no way of really finding out how deep really is looking for needle in haystack
Well maybe he meant "wormhole"... at least that's (a little) more logical. Give him a break, these news-readers aren't hired for their intelligence. He's a talking haircut.
Zombie.......What do you mean we SHOULD be free to openly insult people who ask stupid questions? I AM free to do that and I exercise that freedom whenever I feel it is appropriate.
And the liberals call us science ignorant...
Thank you. I was hoping more people would catch that. That women has no professional knowledge on this topic. Amazing she says a small black hole would suck in our entire universe. Why does the John above me have to bring politics into this? So lame.
Please ... this is Not funny. Think if your love ones where on the airplane...before you are making any negative comments.
cern creates mini black holes regularly
jennifer, there is no evidence that cern has created any black holes.
Obama "facts" have desensitized America to complete fabrications like this Black Hole #$%$. I do not mean to demean Hillary the fabrictor of the Benghazi video fairy tale, she obviously deserves "honorable" mention.
@Zombie the Bermuda triangle is a secret government base where aliens teach the hokey pokey. ROTF!!! Sorry I couldn't help me self....
i want to first thank you all for reading my post and commenting... I was making an effort to educate where i saw the media failing... there is no such thing as small pieces of black hole or mini black holes or that such. by there very nature the black hole is something very large compressed into a very small area. black holes cannot break apart into smaller pieces the gravity fields between the parent black hole and the daughter (small black hole) would of course draw the two together. the matter in such a circumstance is so dense that it overcomes the the repulsion force of the electron and proton. the matter inside a black hole may be so dense that the fusing of the electron and proton is common... this is not like the density fusion of the sun (fusion of atoms) at the core because that releases energy during the fusion of hydrogen atoms into helium creating a random walk of energy to the surface of the sun. the fusion within a black hole does not leave the black hole except as a gamma ray burst of energy at the poles and that only happens because the black hole is rotating very fast and the poles are the weakest part of the gravitational fien the subject of wormholes you have been watching stargate sg1... good for you... or maybe Contact (the movie)... einstein-rosen bridge (you can google it) where those two wormholes are bridges between areas of space... unaffected by the time function... if you were to pass though such an event horizon that time there and time here are the same... but you will note that even in the stories hollywood came up with they had what is considered containment... in sg1 the containment was a highly charged energy ring... and within that ring the event horizon was contained other wise there is nothing that would prevent matter from entering the worm hole... in the movie contact... the containment was 3D and the energy of containment was a huge magnetic field something akin to what you would use to contain anti-matter which is what they are trying to do with the new super colliders (you can google that too)... so do not expect a wormhole to appear randomly and just consume an aircraft... with no containment alot more would be absorbed leaving a very bad mess... nice talking to you all and thanks for reading my blab...
Special note to Bob... a half teaspoon of a black hole would have about the same gravitational affect as our sun... so do you think we could feel the gravity of a teaspoon of a black hole any place on earth... assuming you can seperate a small piece of a black hole from its parent black hole?
Thank you Dennis! I am not going to pretend that I totally understood how a black hole worked. Now thanks to your informative post, I have a better understanding. Thanks for dropping in on this one.
I read your last comment Dennis. It was good. Thanks for the input
You realize you are wrong right? The size of earth IF it turned into a black hole would be smaller than the size of a pea..... you have to use Schwarzschild Radius formula: Rs=2Gm/c2 meaning to find the Schwarz Radius (Rs) you would take the planets' (in this case) Gravitational Constant and multiply it by its mass, then divide it by the speed of light squared..... then you will have your radius dimensions of the "size" of the black hole - nice try tho if you had taken Astronomy you would know this.
sick... i was referring to the sun as being the size of a tablespoon of black hole matter... and that may be inaccurate as well... it is a bit larger... but our sun is not predicted to go supernova (it is not large enough) and hence will not form a black hole, it will become a neutron star which is also a very dense object. neutron stars give immense amounts of energy until they burn out billions of years down the road... thank you for that info... im sure you are correct... the reference formula is used to extrapolate minor bodies into the density of black holes such minor bodies (planets) are consumed by black holes.
i gotcha dennis - do me a favor tho - re-read your main comment you state if a black hole on earth...
At this point nothing has been proven in either direction. We have yet to understand what has transpired, for every person their is a theory but just like any mystery that has not been solved due to lack of evidence we cannot assume anything, we must continue searching and hopefully we find something, but it has been my experience that even if this is one of those Bermuda triangle type situations most people will not believe it because the average person does not think outside the box. I will quote the late great Albert Einstein by saying A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be. Albert Einstein.
"Proven"? We don't need no stink' proof, we gots our beliefs!
Frederick2660 You are entitled to your beliefs however, your personal belief's is not different then a persons faith if you cant prove it then it holds not merit in fact. The jet liner could have gotten sucked through a time vortex or hi jacked We need evidence not beliefs pure hard facts. The probability of it being a time vortex that made the jet liner disappear is mathematically deemed 1 in one hundred trillion. I think it crashed into the sea and sank to the bottom myself but I cant prove it.
This whole plane story, tragic as it is, is getting old. Report something when there is something CONCRETE. This mindless speculation is a waste of time. I've seen and heard more experts that know about as much as you or I. In addition ALL the other stories that the "talking heads" normally babble about (Obamacare, the Ukraine, Afghanistan, the economy, the national debt, Benghazi, the IRS, the NSA and ad nauseum) they just fall by the wayside. I guess they were not TOO IMPORTANT in the first place. By the way, have you heard much about the Flu this year? I never get a flu shot simply because "talking heads" recommend them. They are rapidly losing their credibility and may soon find themselves below even lawyers as the most despised profession.
tell that to the families of the passengers dipshyt
Hey David, you apparently are no Goliath in the intelligence department. I said the missing plane is indeed a tragedy but beating it to death with no NEW CONCRETE leads is just inane conjecture and cruel to the families. They should be appraised privately. It's not our business. Maybe YOU could get a "brain transplant"!
Theory: plane Crashed into the ocean, all dead, plane is trashed. Focus on the living.
Kennedy assassination...world trade center...moon landing...move over, new fertile ground for the conspiracy club....let's get busy Kids.
The thing is we humans are afraid when there is no logical answer, but there are answers we just don't have them yet. Some things are never answered and some take hundreds if not thousands of years to be answered. There is nothing "weird" or "supernatural" about what has happened here, it is "human" and we may never know in our lifetime or it may surface in a few months. Prayers to their family that they may endure, and accept the fate of their loved ones.
Really USA, I'm responding to this article and the reference to "a black hole theory" ... I guess those talking about a black hole "aren't afraid"... and this article was about a CNN analyst ........ PPFFTT.
really USA, humans are not afraid of unknown things? LOL!
and I keep repeating really? bc you are hilarious in your assumptions. I gave an opinion, YOU obviously have nothing better to do than attack people on the internet over personal opinions. get a life Dr. USA ... and stop psycho analyzing LOL.
Anyone who follows Lemon on a regular basis knows he struggles mightily to keep up with any of his guests intellectually, and Erin Burnett is a close second. Of course, either of them is preferably to an out and out #$%$ like Chris Cuomo who clearly only has the job based on his father's name. I find it really hard to watch anyone on CNN these days outside of Wolf, Christianne and Anderson and that has nothing to do with politically leanings.
He speaks clearly, is well-groomed, and is handsome without being "too dark." CNN assumes the audience will just accept he's smart because, hey, his suit is expensive too.
Agreed on the Wolf, Christianne and Anderson. And to think Lemon apparently is in the running to replace Piers. Won't be watching that show.
Erin Burnett: The woman who called President Bush a #$%$.
For some strange reason, Yahoo News won't let me say the word m*o*n*k*e*y. It lets other readers use the f word, though!
Actually, some of their best people are their non-flashy non-photogenic electoral experts----guys that know elections are a very big business, and for the professionals that do it more a matter of expertise than politics. And I mean the numbercrunchers, not the flacks. The politics is a voter thing and often just major cluelessness no matter which side. "I'll get rid of corruption", "I'll make the US strong", "I'll make your life better". Yeah, sure.
Sir.Dennis.........Did you really still think that you have rights?
You're right, RGG! I have to learn to keep those silly notions out of my head!
Although it is odd that no trace of debris has been found, even items that should float for very long periods due to their composition and slow rate of decay have not surfaced? It still is most likely that the plane somehow managed to make a controlled landing without much structural seperation into the water with the cabin and body intact sinking quickly as water rushed into it leaving little time for anyone to get out. If so, the weight of the largely intact plane would sink quickly to the great depths of the ocean making it nearly impossible to recover. This is the likely scenerio however there will always be speculation and rumors of more exotic and supernatural theories from black holes, UFO's, magnetic vortex's, to even government conspiracies. But in the end, it is most likely that flight 777 is on the bottom of the ocean largely intact. What is unusal is why it went off course to begin with which would explain how it might have ran out of fuel and went down? Government conspircist will probally say that there was someone on the plane that some secret group wanted to silence and that someone intentionally brought the plane down. I find this unlikely too. In the end, it probally will boil down to human error or mechanical failure or both causing the plane to loose go off course, use up its feul, and loose altitude until it landed in the ocean. Regardless if the mystery is solved or not, my heart goes out to the victims and their families as I can only imagine the terrible pain that they are feeling right now. I hope that the truth can be revealed and provide them with some closure.
Lemon then turned to Mary Schiavo, former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation, and said, "I know it's preposterous, but is it preposterous, do you think, Mary?" "It is," Schiavo replied. "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe. So we know it's not that. The Bermuda Triangle is often weather, and 'Lost' is a TV show." Mary, you dumb bleeding twit...a small black hole would only suck out the remains of your pea size brain, NOT the entire universe. You obviously Failed science class!
Yeah what a bunch of tards...yeesh
It's obviously been jacked and those people should still be alive. If our intelligence can't find a stolen (or crashed yea right) 777, then what is the point of the trillions we spend on military defense? They could read a newspaper from space in the 80's, do you really think they can't find an airliner? This is a case where the gov knows what happened and there's a good reason why we don't know. There was probably someone on board who needed to be killed or kidnapped.
They are too busy monitoring us since Obama got into office...
Michael..........Bush2 passed the first NDAA in 2007. Nobody believes the 2 party lies anymore!
CMO.........This was a very convenient and coincidental occurrence that draws attention away from the Russian invasion of the Ukraine.
Bush2 also created DHS which funds surveillance cameras and armored assault vehicles for the police so they can "serve warrants."
CNN has beat the ever-loving life out of this plane's disappearance. I know it's an important event, but I'm sure 24 hours a day, 7 days a week reporting isn't necessary - considering there hasn't been any kind of a "lead" until today. Every time I perused the channels for something to watch, CNN would be asking yet another "expert" about the plan. And each time I'd see pictures of the "last known reporting" dot. Report on something else, for christ's sake. I'm sure there has to be Something out there more important than getting the opinion of the cousin of a friend who is married to the wife of a brother of a uncle who knows this guy who is married to the sister of someone who does the maintenance on Cessna airplanes at the local community airstrip in Ottawa, CA
This is what has become of CNN. They get their teeth into a story and just beat it to death. Eventually the story becomes nothing more than everyone giving their opinion on what everyone else has said with facts playing no role in the discussion.
You blame CNN? They are a business. People are watching so they keep showing it. Pretty simple formula.
CNN's coverage has pushed their ratings far over the competition. Here's a hint for people with multiple cable channels: if you don't want to hear it, change the channel.
CNN as a news outlet is a total joke. 95% opinion,0% news. 5% #$%$ for idiot liberals.
The crew was beamed onboard the USS Enterprise, just before the plane was destroyed by its tractor beam, just like in that "Star Trek" episode "Tomorrow is Yesterday", when the Enterprise beams an Air Force colonel onboard.
I heard it was Michelle, or even Barak himself, it can't be Bush is been out of office for a couple years now.
Is Michael Jackson still dead? Where's Miley Cyrus or Justin Bieber?? What about George Zimmerman?? Isn't something going on with him??!
I feel the same way about Fox and I watch them all the time, and I guess the other networks are all doing the same. Its not news if all you are talking about what might have happened, be new people and tell us the facts.
They have to talk about this event because if they talk about Putin, Russia, Ukraine, or Crimea it will make Barry very mad.
I get my news directly from Tennessee Tuxedo and sweet Polly Purebred. their reports are more believable.
CNN is now and always will be a sophomoric organization with unintelligent people like Don Lemon, Gloria Borgia and et al. Whether it be the presentation and analysis of standard news items, the presentation of geopolitical news or the presentation of domestic politics, the staff of FOX and their contributors, both liberal and conservative members, are among the most well educated, most experienced, most intelligent and easy to listen to among all those on any other cable or standard channels. Hands down. And, as mentioned, FOX ALWAYS includes those on both sides of a domestic political issue on their panels, which allows for a balanced and informative presentation. Included are players from the Obama and Clinton administrations, democrat strategists and pollsters, liberal talk show hosts and liberal TV news hosts and print media. Again, no other cables or TV outlet can compare. If you haven't seen any of them, then don't bother the hateful criticism.
It's like the car chase in Anchorman. People are watching in droves despite their being much, much more important news going on in Ukraine.
I got to admit , They sure can talk alot about non evidence. Breaking news would be better than talking about asumptions.
"There is a logical explanation for CNN's attention: ratings. Wall-to-wall coverage of the missing plane has given CNN a series of wins over Fox News in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic coveted by advertisers." And there's your answer.
Now if only MSNBC can connect Chris Christie to all of this....
Yes Shawn, and that's why media research from Farleigh Dickinson (since replicated) has shown that Fox News viewers are actually less informed than watching no news at all. I hate to tell ya, but news is a vehicle to sell ads, nothing more, nothing less. Always has been, always will be (w/ the notable exception of PBS)
keep floatin' it and the pretty empty heads will keep coming...meaning that journalism is becoming the #1 pathway for career ops for females who have nothin' else goin' for them ceptin' some darn nice looks and pins...(no i'm not givin' away my generation..just reading some 40's books where it was ok to call legs pins..and it wasn't a crime to smoke)....but ..where was i ..oh and the career path thng for really nerdy guys who would usually be beaten up along the way during their school years...like these guys need a career path..ergo...the media....now what's the mantra "i can't act, don't have a personality, but boy oh boy journalism awaits"....
Gregory.. in the process of your ranting about this ... you said, "for Christ's sake"... WHY are you taking the name of the Savior of the World in vain. pls refrain. thank you. AND, if you or your loved ones had been on that plane, you would want them to get to the bottom of it.
"Experts" in titles only. Boy, the drivel that has been espoused by anyone they can find. We may not know (yet) WHY it crashed, but there was a problem, it crashed, all dead.
I see that we have all the black hole experts out today.
So have the other news networks including Fox News.
If there are aliens on this planet, then any anomaly that will cause a normal person to question and theorize any possibility of their existence would be greatly detrimental to them. They wouldn’t want anyone to know, so it would be natural for them to be flocking to these blogs in large numbers to try to bash and obstruct any and all theories of alien activity. That’s exactly what these hatred decadent Republicans are doing. It makes you wonder, doesn’t it?
Gasp! You mean Bubba the #$%$ is really an alien?
Only makes you wonder about libtards
EITHER THE USA KNOWS WHERE THE PLANE IS OR RUSSIA ALSO KNOWS WHERE THE PLANE IS OR YEAH MAYBE A BLACK HOLE TOOK THE PLANE INTO ANOTHER DIMENSION. ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE NOW SINCE NOTHING HAS BEEN FOUND. IF TERROIST TOOK THE PLANE LIKE THOSE TWO ISLANS IN THE MIDDLE THE OCEAN THAT HAVE RUNWAYS WITH HANGERS AND BIG PLANES ACCORDING TO THE LIBARY COMPUTER AND GOOGLE MAP, THEN ONE DAY WILL FIND OUT IF WE GOING TO HAVE ANOTHER 9-11 EITHER HERE IN USA OR ISRAEL OR RUSSIA OR CHINA AND BEGGINING OF WWW3.
THANK YOU FOR THE EXPERT ANALYSIS. WE CAN ALL REST EASY NOW. BUT PERSONALLY I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE WORLD WIDE WEB PART THREE.
CNN's coverage of the missing plane is ridiculous. 24 hours of every anchor, every showevery day repeating the same lack of news over and over again. The stupid suppositions coming out of the mouths of these people is embarrassing for everyone, and I am sure it must be for them also. It appears that the rest of the world has ceased to exist, there is no news worthy of mentioning from anywhere or about anything else. It is really pathetic reporting.
Just as stupid was the reply that a small black hole would suck in our entire universe. Our universe is filled with billions upon billions of black home. There is an immense one at the center of our galaxy. Yes, a small black hole would suck in our entire world and eventually our solar system but that is hardly the universe. Watching any of the alphabet soup networks for real news is a waste of time ever since the OJ trial.
Our universe is filled with billions upon billions of blame home? Wow really? Oh, that's just your poor spelling. You should double check your spelling before you call others stupid.
Hey Joe, when using the word "universe" in the context of the entire body of space, proper English states it should be capitalized because you are using it a proper noun. You should also have a comma after the word wow. So you should have probably just shut your face and chalked it up to a typo or auto-correct. Unless you are perfect yourself, you shouldn't make those your argument. Yes, I get that I'm doing the same to you, but the difference is you deserve it, Chuck didn't.
Thank you Joe for pointing out my spelling mistake. But my comments about the quality of news on TV remains the same. Have a nice weekend.
Here is a plausible theory: Pilot spills coffee on center console, shorting out Mode 3A/C transponder 2 minutes before handoff to Ho-Chi-Minh City Center. Transponder goes off the air, pilot's are unaware because we don't sit there staring at the transponder while we are flying. 3 minutes after spilling the coffee, the transponder begins to smoke along with the radio heads in center console, crew elects to shut off all electrical equipment in order to isolate problem, turn plane towards closest airport using heading select function of FMS. No radio call would be made in this case, and all electrical equipment would be off. Smoke and fumes get worse and a small fire breaks out in the cockpit. Pilot says we need air and extinguish the fire, do not want to use O2 masks since oxygen will feed the fire. Co pilot #2 window slides and is small, opening it would help clear the cockpit. Opening it will clear the smoke and fumes, however, the plane needs to be depressurized first. Plane only partially depressurized when window is opened, creating vortex in cockpit during explosive decompression of cabin. Bulkhead between pilots and passenger cabin collapses due to pressure rush and pilots are hit by debris and knocked unconscious. Plane wild gyrations and altitude excursions are due to plane continuing climb based on initial flight path, and plane stalls at 45000' based on service ceiling of engines. Plane recovers and flys on heading select in FMS, no altitude hold engaged so plane seeks equilibrium between power setting and trim. All on board are dead because of decompression and altitude exposure at 45000'. Plane may have 7 hours of fuel on board, but probably can't use it all because there is no one around to switch fuel tanks unless this has become automated in a B-777. Plane will come down somewhere, just not with a lot of grace.
You lost me at "Pilot spills coffee". LOL
So in the end, it was all because of coffee?
Wow. Never thought of it. I was mesmerized by your knowledge! Certainly a very plausible freak accident for sure.
Maybe it was McDonald's coffee and really really hot!
I checked with the maufactures and they said coffee would not short out the system. However,when the transponder receives an interrogation request it sends back a transponder's squawk code. This is referred to as Mode 3A or more commonly Mode A. A transponder code can be paired with pressure altitude information, which is called Mode C.[2] Pressure altitude is obtained from an altitude encoder, a separate self-contained unit mounted in the aircraft. The altitude information is passed to the transponder using a modified form of the Gray code called a Gillham Code. The coffee could effect that, but it would be a different scenario.
Pilot spilling coffee on the console is from a movie made years ago about a plane crash and it turned out the spilled coffee shorted out something and gave wrong information to the pilot and caused the plane to crash. Unfortunately, I fail to remember the name of the movie, but I believe Glenn Ford starred as the investigator.
"Hey Honey .... don't forget the coffee!" - Will Hunting
Did I tell you to put the balm on?
Who told you to put the balm on?
"A county commissioners' meeting this week over traffic tickets turned into a tense discussion over race when one commissioner said the county's collections office was like a certain astronomical phenomenon. "It sounds like Central Collections has become a black hole," Commissioner Kenneth Mayfield, who is white, said during the Monday meeting. One black official demanded an apology, and Commissioner John Wiley Price, who also is black, said that type of language is unacceptable. Later, Price told MyFOXdfw.com that he believed it and other terms were racist. "So if it's 'angel food cake,' it's white. If it's 'devil's food cake,' it's black. If you're the 'black sheep of the family,' then you gotta be bad, you know. 'White sheep,' you're okay. You know?" Price said." Sometimes, you just have to shake your head and laugh at the idiots.
So if you see a "hit and run" accident and the car was black, are you not supposed to describe the car as "black" because that is racist? Black is still a color right?
Obviously, you're "jus a racis", HoHum. When the progressives consolidate power, it's off to the re-education camps with the likes of you. :o)
How much do you want to bet that Commissioner John Wiley Price is a Democrat and a supporter of King DingleBarry the Munificent? Any takers?
Too F....Funny! You cant make that sheep dip up. If I was there when it happened, I probably would have Wet my self in front of everyone wale ROTF. @Dave Don't even joke about re-education camps it's gona happen.
Coming from CNN it doesn't surprise me they think there really a NEWS org. just like msnbc does. But I will be glad when they do find it so I cant not have to here them go over it minute after minute hour after hour day after day. Who would ever thought there were so many experts on this kid of stuff. My opinion is the AMAZEING KRESSKIN has made it disappear or CHRIS ANGEL. And didn't that DAVID BLANE guy already make 1 plane and the EMPIRE STATE BULD. disappear already. So one of these guys have it and will make it reappear in VEGAS at that pawn shop wait an see
That would make it a conspiracy
Some organized group backed by a lot of money wanted something or someone off of that plane. They got it. I guarantee this is the answer. It is the only answer for something this ruthless. Someone in a high position of power orchestrated this. It's disgusting. This was not random, and it's no accident. It's no "suicide", and it's no "terrorist" attack. It was corporate. Be that corporation a government, a business, an agency, or some mixture thereof. People need to open their eyes and realize how utterly devoid of conscious are many people in positions these days. To them, the end always justifies the means. If anything is ever found, it will be because it was planted. All this "investigating of the passengers is a load of bs". With all of the NSA's spying technology, trust and believe that someone out there knows exactly and precisely what happened.
Convenient distraction while Russia invades the Crimea.
Micah, you better adjust your meds. How utterly devoid of conscious? It's consciousness, and let's start with you.
Wonder how many words you have ever misspelled in your life?
Mr. Lemon, like many people, are ignorant about what it takes to make a black hole. It takes an amount of mass at least 25 times greater than that of our sun. It would suck up our planet, ripping it apart down to the basic atoms and sucking the particles into oblivion. Mr. Lemon is usually a good news reader but this time he gave up all his credibility to speculate about something that, if it happened, would have destroyed the Earth long before anyone of us knew what was going on.
IFFFFFF you believe black holes exist in the first place Jeff. There is no scientific EVIDENCE they exist, ONLY speculation!
Surprising that someone with the name "Texas" in their nickname questions the fact that black holes exist! Someone needs to go back and read their textbooks! ....Oh...Never mind!
Black holes DO exist. The observation of stars at the center of the Milky Way galaxy shows they are orbiting a mass that exceeds four million times the mass of the Sun based on the speed of their orbits. It's hard to argue with physics. Also, I can only speculate that you, Ntexas, exists as the only evidence is this reply to my comment, just as you only have evidence that I exist by my posting the comment. If you want to get really trippy, maybe none of us exist and we're all just tiny lines of code in a huge simulation program.
That one lady did not know what she was talking about. a small black hole would not suck in our entire universe. Heck, there is a super-massive black hole at the center of the Milky Way!!! And the milky way is only a relatively medium sized galaxy!!! Then the Bermuda Triangle is not weather. There are gas vents in the ocean in that area that release gas that lowers the pressure in the air and makes flying planes impossible. Things just tend to sink in it. #getyofactsstraight
A black hole that was close enought to suck the plane in would keep sucking in our atmosphere and everything and growing until it sucked our whole planet in. Then it would work on the moon, the sun, etc. She probably meant that it would suck in our entire 'solar system' and just mispoke. There is no way it was a freaking BLACK HOLE!
im glad i did not have to type all that myself she is #$%$ here is a article from the huffington post Back in 2008, physicists repeatedly assured us that a black hole produced by the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) was not going to swallow Earth. But that doesn't mean they weren't hoping to make one. Collisions between high energy particles, like the LHC's protons, could theoretically squeeze enough mass and energy into a small enough space to create a tiny black hole—and making one might be a bit easier than physicists believed. It takes 2.4 times less energy than previously thought to create a black hole from a particle collision, according to a new paper in Physical Review Letters. That's because when two particles smash into each other, their gravitational pull traps energy at two points on either side of the crash site. If enough energy gets concentrated at those points, it collapses into twin black holes that quickly gobble each other up and merge into one, as seen in the simulation above. Even with the new energy estimates, the chances of making a black hole in a particle accelerator are still vanishingly small. But because spotting one at the relatively low energy of the LHC would be solid experimental evidence for extra dimensions, physicists are keeping their fingers crossed.
You are all crazy, it was the Langoliers!
How about invasion of the body snatchers?
Coal gas chokes airplanes and lessens the buoyancy of ships -- Bermuda triangle. Black Holes don't go to sleep, especially after they've eaten (a plane). Hmm, was it the Langoliers? I personally think the plane was stolen, the passenger killed, and the plane will be used in a terrorist attack. Those who want the book, please contact me by email. Movie rights are being discussed.
It's been revealed that the flight was carrying lithium batteries as cargo which are potentially dangerous and have caused other in-flight problems. My theory is that there was a fire in the hold that destroyed communications, the pilots climbed to try and limit the oxygen available for the fire and then upon realizing they would soon die of smoke inhalation set the plane to fly out into the sea so it wouldn't potentially crash in a populated area. The crew and passengers were killed by smoke and lack of oxygen and the fire ultimately burned itself out without destroying the plane so it flies along until it runs out of fuel and crashes out at sea.
After finding out that lithium batteries were on board, my husband (a pilot) said the same thing. Seems like a plausible explanation to me, particularly since so far they have found no terrorist leanings on the part of the pilot or co-pilot and no distress call.
That's a reasonable cause and effect using the evidence that's been released.
the only problem with that is that someone reprogramed the course of the plane only 12 minutes into the flight...........
yeah, what Rebecca said. this was no accident or fire.
Nope. There were multiple steps taken prior to the pilot's last communication with air traffic control. This was intentional. The reasons may not yet be clear, if ever, but if you believe this was an accident, you are extremely naive.
The aircraft may or may not have been intentionally sabotaged folks. An accident is still a plausible scenario. Its called keeping an open mind, people. I'm open to either cause for this plane's vanishing act. Just waiting for more evidence. It could be an accident? It could be theft, terrorism, hijinks, or whatever. When you theorize that the plane absolutely *had to be taken over* you will look at all of the evidence through a narrow lens to make your theory work. Its like when research gets cherry picked to prove something. Not me, I'm skeptical about all information until its got some strong evidence (despite that, even I'm making guesses to the plane's whereabouts). There's a lot to analyze here. What's the motive for taking the plane? How did it get past everyone's radar? Why would this flight be targeted? (We're not using whatever you were told form Fox News as evidence! That's not a credible source.). The plane may have been turned from its original direction to head to a nearby airport due to chaotic malfunctions. As in it could have? Or, yes, it's also possible that reprogramming was an intentional redirection to take the plane to who knows where? If this was a terrorist plot, it's possible that some sort of fight happened on board, hence the odd direction of the plane. Just guessing.
Almost 19,000 hours just flying large modern jets. That's almost 10 years of 40 hours a week actual flying time; the actual flight frequently the shortest part of a Pilots day. This man was one knowledgeable fella' in the aviation world. Not one News Network could find a U.S. Pilot with half that time flying 777's. If, I say if, this pilot made a long term plan to carry this mass murder out, most likely this plane will never be found. Will change the aviation world forever in many ways i suspect. If this plan then how do they know some of what pilot did wasn't just leaving clues he wanted to leave?
Is or was he a Muslim??
Yes, both he and the co-pilot were Muslim as are most Malasyians I believe.
I feel bad for these families, i really do, but there is not a snowballs chance in hell their loved ones are still alive. On the very slim chance this this plane did not crash and has landed somewhere as a result of a hijacking, people who steal planes, with the intent to use it for illegal or deadly purposes, are not just going to say "ok, we've taken the plane, you're free to go" They kill every single one of them, or risk having their "hideout" be found.
Death sounds like the most obvious idea, but remember people are commodities too. Depending on the group's line of business, having able bodies could be equally lucrative. I'm still hoping for the best.
The solution is simple, if you think about it. The pilots found Jimmy Hoffa living in India with credible evidence that Big Foot did, in fact, exist. They turned off the plane's radios and proceeded to head to his location so that they could have exclusive rights to this story. On the way there, in mid flight, they were ubducted by aliens commanded by D.B Cooper and taken off world. They are currently in the trail of the comet Hale-Bopp, and will not return to earth until the next passing in roughly the year 4385. Anyone that wishes to join the crew at that time are instructed to join a cult and get a pair of white Nike's.
Wrong dude Emila Earhart strafed the plane as they were closing in on her location in the pacific as a worm hole had transported them to the other side of the earth by using a warp bubble generated by the Borg in an attempt to assimilate earth, didn't you see the documentary, First Contact?
you have a pretty good story going it is as good as these experts have, by the way an ex is the unknown and a pert is something released from pressure. so an expert is the unknown released from pressure.
Ronnie you mean like a silent fart....?
Ronnie the way heard it an expert is a has been under pressure
There is not one Reporter in the USA. All we have are 50 IQ pupets, on all channels. Fox is no better with toothpick bleach blondes showing their legs to pull in an audience. CNN is using Mediums to do News. ABC has admitted they filter their questions through the White House. NBC lost crediblity in the 90's CBS is to the left of Putin. We are exactly where Geramny was in 1932. Not one credible News source anywher on Cable or Air wave broadcast. This is the Dark ages of News. Evicerate the Jounalatti.
Well, sometimes things become a mystery, because no solution is found. Such as this case seems to be. The Pacific Ocean is a very large body of water, and the likelyhood of any trace of it is now almost nil. Many ships have sank without a trace over the past few hundred years, bringing the speculation of sea serpents sinking them, or in ancient times, falling off the edges of the earth. . Perhaps at some time in the future something from the Jet will wash ashore. In the meantime, any chance of survivors being found is just willfull thinking. Surely all on board were killed during the intial crash. Such a large aircraft crashing into the sea is like crashing into solid concrete. But, it seems the continuing media attention and the several countries involved in the search are just in competition to see who gets the most attention first.
You have no common sense,common sense.
Hey "common sense" .... Its the IDIAN OCEAN , not the Pacific!
I won't even begin to tear apart your incoherent and grammatically pathetic post but "willfull thinking"???
The Idian Ocean? I must have missed that one....
I'm glad she called him stupid for suggesting it - not literally, but we all got the message.
As for the plane, itself, I am going to spin the wheel and guess that, for whatever reason, it ditched flat.. Sully style.. and didn't break up; hence, no debris field. Then it just slowly sank, like, waaaay deep, and could very well stay lost at the bottom just like thousands of other boats and ships have done for centuries. Heck, someday 100 years from now someone may make the discovery and there will not be a single soul still be alive who remembers it.
That would mean survivors most likely made it out on life rafts if it was a controlled water landing.
That would be a controlled water landing under normal circumstances. This was most likely anything but that. If this was a hijacking or terrorist event, the prospect of passengers being allowed to deploy life rafts would seem unlikely. I am speaking on the assumption that whomever caused this to happen fully intended for the plane to "disappear" and the passengers to die.
Have been watching CNN during most of this. They really embarrass themselves with this kind of stuff. Obviously their ratings were up so they continued with the constant coverage. The mistake they made was spending so much time on this outrageous stuff. Yes I've heard the 'but we never imagined 9-11 type attack before it happened' but aliens, black holes, and other such nonsense are really for science fiction. CNN is also having trouble filling their air time now, since they have been going over & over & over the same things with the same experts. I have been switching channels since it is too repetitive. Leave the ridiculous to the internet guys. The science side of what are you are showing is interesting, but watch that "too much info" line you tread on. Some of us WILL remember the source if we hear of it again!!
Meanwhile - in other late breaking International News - Putin has annexed Western Europe, Kim Jong-Un experienced puberty, Edward Snowden revealed that the hacker group ANONYMOUS was actually the NSA, Mark Zuckerberg's wife Priscilla Chan was once named "Peter", the Sochi Olympics Opening Ceremony's funny Snowflake to Ring Transformation Failure was due to the failed detonation of a Chechan terrorst bomb planted in it, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova of the Russian Punk Rock Activist Group (P)(U)ssy (R)(I)ot was spotted making out with Lena Katina & Yulia Volkova of T.A.T.U. and Kanye West is depressed because the show 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians" was cancelled. Finally. Of course, he could also be suffering from depression because Kris Kardashian makes him dress up like a Lawn Jockey and hold a lantern at the end of her driveway every night. She claims it helps them reduce their electric bill while at the same time providing Kanye a stable career.
Sounds like something you hear on MSNBC
Wow...someone is watching MSNBC...did Rev. Sharpton (Twanna Brawley Al) give you all these stories?
I have actually watched the self proclaimed racist reverend's show before and not surprisingly, I will never watch it again. Withing five minutes I was sick at my stomach at how he gets away with being such a blatant racist.
You're full of it. Kim Jong-Un has NOTexperienced puberty.
Good job summarizing, David. Keep it up, we need the relief. (Ignore the humor-challenged posters who know not what they speak.)
ha ha ha ha made me laugh! You missed you're calling
Yep... and the band plays on.
I think the victims' families would appreciate it if CNN remained serious. This is not a joke to them. Leave those types of jokes to late night TV, please. I suggest applying Occum's razor. "Occam's Razor is a line of reasoning that says the simplest answer is often correct." (Internet) Please read "Experienced pilot Chris Goodfellow has examined the case of missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 and, drawing on his 20 years of flight experience, offers "a startlingly simple theory" about what happened aboard the flight and where the plane will be found. " http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2014/03/19/The-startlingly-simple-theory-behind-missing-Malaysia-Airlines-flight-370/8341395247251/#ixzz2wbtOt0ir Obviously there are other possibilities. We all hope the pilot landed the plane safely. The truth, however, is that the disappearance is not at all odd. It is due to a lack of dilligence on our part to track planes. I am still hoping the insurance company, if there is one, will step up and try, since governments seem unable to locate the plane. If the passengers are alive, or if this ever happened again, insurance companies would have a lot to gain by finding the plane and possible survivors themselves, or learning how to avoid this. In the meantime, if the captain announces a problem on my flight, I will raid the stewardess's cart for a week's worth of soda and peanuts before assuming the crash position. I do not think anyone will blame me for that. Laurie Belvin
Isn't it a little tactless for a news anchor to spout off about wormholes and aliens and the like on national television, even if he's just reading someone's tweets? So many people are worried that their friends and families are dead and your just "putting out there" conspiracy theories and the like? No, I say give me hard news and facts, I want to know if they've spotted debris or have definitive proof that they plan went off course yet. Not a bunch of #$%$ that you read off your social network for ratings.
It stopped being the news years ago.
Welcome to the world. We will never know the truth.
I don't think God works in those ways and I'm not in the black hole think tank ... but I do believe the plane was hi jacked, the passengers are dead and the plane will be used in some kind of large scale attack. With all that it is a high priority to locate this plane and end all speculation. Pakistan is very cable of developing this large scale plan involving dirty nuclear bombs and is a known ally of muslim terrorist groups. This plane is capable of flying long distances and carrying a large payload ... once it gets airborne with something so unstable where are you going to shoot it down?
Please tell me you don't vote. That would be an even bigger tragedy than the FIRE that destroyed the planes electrical system.
"Rich".... As unpopular as your theory is... I don't think mine to be either. I don't think it would be a dirty nuke.... it's more likely to be an EMP (ElectroMagnetic Pulse) explosive device. The plane would look like a normal passenger jetliner, and could then be flown over heavy populated areas without detection and detonated before anyone would figure out what was going on. The purpose would be to render the effected country back into the dark-ages, without electricity of ANY kind. It would fry the infrastructure of the electrical grid, and with it ALL internet servers, computers, media, and yes your car too.... 98% of the population would live but be vulnerable to a hostile takeover. Let's HOPE our government is on its game..... we do have a few enemies out there. That makes me wonder.... the USA being "The" or "A" Powerhouse in the world of today..... why is it not mentioned in the end-times Bible prophesies????.... Hummmm....
I know exactly what happened.. While the plane was on the tar mat, the pilots where not moving at the speed they should have been, and this is because Chester Cheeto was running to the plane from the airport after he snuck threw an emergency door, thus setting off the alarms for a short period in the airport. Why Chester Cheeto you ask, well 2 years ago, the co-pilot, was saved by Chester after he OD'd on crack cocaine. Chester, just getting out of prison 7 months ago, was planning a major attack on the Indian fake Cheetos for their blasphemy, he was not legally allowed in India after being involved in prior attacks on the Indian Cheeto. The plane was his ticket in. Anyway, the plane was moving at very slow speeds while the co-pilot waited for Chester to board. Chester, being a cheetah , moved fast to a maintenance door and boarded the craft. As the plane proceeded , it hit above the 40,000ft mark and knocked out all the passengers, Chester then climbed up to the main deck and told the pilots there has been a change of plans, Chester was under orders to take the plane to Pakistan, where him and his fellow cheetahs could turn the plane into a WMD.
absolutely nuts, but just as much so as the idiot talking about black holes.. par for the course for a disinfo station like CNN
Every bit as likely as the black hole theory.
Now the news media is announcing how much money the US has spent so far in assisting with the B777 FLT 370 search. How pathetic. Our most-of-the-time-indecisive President now has made this search a PRIORITY, let's keep it that way. How much a human life worth..?, how much 239 human lives are worth..? The Malaysian airlines and government have made this search a mock of actual reality and substance, so, fortunately and or unfortunately, this search should and must continue until is fully completed in any regard. We have spent almost trillion dollars to kill people, ours and theirs in the middle east, why can we spend for a much better and more significant and meaningful reason. And, there is no better experienced professionals than our Airforce and Navy personnel and equipment. We have what it takes to get the job done. Please, let's not let up. We have started it, let's continue until it is done, but really done. Lives are priceless. Politics is useless in almost every aspect. Let's not allow to confuse the meaning of the big picture. Our marines do not leave anyone behind. Let's keep it that way. This is what distinguish us from the rest of the world. It is worth it. It is really worth it.
ive reaed that triple 7's mean the end of something... b777 flight 370(3 7's)... on march 7? 3-7
First off, those of us that think "outside the box" and have lived long enough to know the government (U.S. too) and media (especially U.S. too), LIE and FABRICATE. How can the citizen be held at a higher standard of proof or validation for believing in what they see, and analyze and NOT blindly, what their told by media and govt. When has that been a crime (outside of public opinion?). Conspiracies are REAL. That's why there's THEORIES about things that look suspect and have elements of a conspiracy. People that believe in them, and who don't trust proven liars from media and govt, aren't "nuts". They just don't think like you do, rather you're "sheep" or just more forgiving and naive or scared to believe what's been obvious for 60 years, at least since JFK. Shake yourselves. If nothing's "fishy" then what happened to the 2 Iranians, who's pictures were shown to the world,as potential "suspects" a week ago? Over-reaction? False info? because they sure aren't part of the storyline all the sudden. Keep falling for the tricks of the past and you'll never get to the future.YOU'VE BEEN LIED TOO.....AGAIN! That plane isn't in the water, and the mainstream media can't be trusted.
But CNN is the most trusted name in news.
An idiot already thumbs downed you, some people just want to be slaves and die.
found this... Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 (also marketed as China Southern Airlines flight 748 through a codeshare) was a scheduled passenger flight from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to Beijing, China, when on 8 March this Boeing 777-200ER aircraft “disappeared” in flight with 227 passengers on board from 15 countries, most of whom were Chinese, and 12 crew members. Interesting to note, this report says, was that Flight 370 was already under GRU “surveillance” after it received a “highly suspicious” cargo load that had been traced to the Indian Ocean nation Republic of Seychelles, and where it had previously been aboard the US-flagged container ship MV Maersk Alabama. What first aroused GRU suspicions regarding the MV Maersk Alabama, this report continues, was that within 24-hours of off-loading this “highly suspicious” cargo load bound for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, the two highly-trained US Navy Seals assigned to protect it, Mark Daniel Kennedy, 43, and Jeffrey Keith Reynolds, 44, were found dead under “suspicious circumstances.” Both Kennedy and Reynolds, this report says, were employed by the Virginia Beach, Virginia-based maritime security firm The Trident Group which was founded by US Navy Special Operations Personnel (SEAL’s) and Senior US Naval Surface Warfare Officers and has long been known by the GRU to protect vital transfers of both atomic and biological materials throughout the world. Upon GRU “assests” confirming that this “highly suspicious” cargo was aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 on 8 March, this report notes, Moscow notified China’s Ministry of State Security (MSS) of their concerns and received “assurances” that “all measures” would be taken as to ascertain what was being kept so hidden when this aircraft entered into their airspace. However, this report says, and as yet for still unknown reasons, the MSS was preparing to divert Flight 370 from its scheduled destination of Beijing to Haikou Meilan International Airport (HAK) located inHainan Province (aka Hainan Island). Prior to entering the People Liberation Army (PLA) protected zones of the South China Sea known as the Spratly Islands, this report continues, Flight 370 “significantly deviated” from its flight course and was tracked by VKO satellites and radar flying into the Indian Ocean region and completing its nearly 3,447 kilometer (2,142 miles) flight to Diego Garcia. Critical to note about Flight 370’s flight deviation, GRU experts in this report say, was that it occurred during the same time period that all of the Spratly Island mobile phone communications operated by China Mobile were being jammed. China Mobile, it should be noted, extended phone coverage in the Spratly Islands in 2011 so that PLA soldiers stationed on the islands, fishermen, and merchant vessels within the area would be able to use mobile services, and can also provide assistance during storms and sea rescues. As to how the US Navy was able to divert Flight 370 to its Diego Garcia base, this report says, appears to have been accomplished remotely as this Boeing 777-200ER aircraft is equipped with a fly-by-wire (FBW) system that replaces the conventional manual flight controls of an aircraft with an electronic interface allowing it to be controlled like any drone-type aircraft. However, this report notes, though this aircraft can be controlled remotely, the same cannot be said of its communication systems which can only be shut down manually; and in the case of Flight 370, its data reporting system was shut down at 1:07 a.m., followed by its transponder (which transmits location and altitude) which was shut down at 1:21 a.m. What remains “perplexing” about this incident, GRU analysts in this report say, are why the American mainstream media outlets have yet to demand from the Obama regime the radar plots and satellite images of the Indian Ocean and South China Sea regions as the US military covers this entire area from Diego Garcia like no other seas in the world due to its vital shipping and air lanes. Most sadly, this report concludes, the US is actually able to conceal the reason(s) for the “disappearance” of Flight 370 as they have already done so after the events of 11 September 2011 when the then Bush regime “disappeared” American AirlinesFlight 77 and its 64 passengers and crew after falsely claiming it hit the Pentagon, but which was confirmed by the CNN News Service not to have happened. CRAY..
Very interesting to say the least
I was reading a report of a similar nature, also with the remote control theory, and the Diego Garcia landing. But what differed was that it suggested that there were persons on board the aircraft that were of extreme high value to U.S. itelligence. Maybe scientists, or technicians in Chinese top secret military work. Since half the plane were chinese citizens, it is likely some were involved with government work. The main stream media says the FBI checked out everyone and found no terrorist links, but they didn't say, what the people on board do.
Has anyone considered that there is a more simple reason for the plane to be missing? Planes crash every year, normally on take off or landing but not always. Last year there where about a dozen plane commercial plane crashes on was a Boeing 777. There are a number of reason the plane could have wrecked without being found. First off, it was 2 hours before people noticed it was missing. At the speed a 777 could fly, the search area would be about twice the size of the United States. Anyone who has seen the movie Castaway might understand this. In the movie, they gave up the search without finding it. I know it is just a movie but it just shows a hypothetical situation that could happen. The reason for the lost contact with the airplanes systems could be the result of a malfunction like a short. This short could have disabled the tracking system the plane has, it could also have lead to the planes ultimate crash. It is also possible the plane exploded in the air. If this happened then the parts may be even smaller and the fuel may have burnt up. It could also be pilot error. Even a seasoned pilot can have an off day and cause such an accident. Another possible reason is that the plane may have flown over a hostile area and been mistaken for enemy aircraft. If such a mistake was done, the country responsible might not only claim no knowledge of it but attempt to hide any evidence of the plane. The main problem I have with peoples idea of it being terrorists is that none have taken responsibility for it. Unlike a country that could have shot it down by accident, terrorist gain notoriety from the damage they do. Had they been involved they would have surely claimed responsibility by now. Had it just been taken over and landed on a secret airbase, the problem there would be security. You can hide a person or group of people fairly easily but to hide a 777 is much harder and eventually it would leak out.
I disagree. It doesn't sound like Mitch has been keeping up with the science behind the different theories that have been reported.
Mitch & Ernesto could I interest you two in a bridge???? lol
No question, it has been a highly mentally dislocated and ignorant presumption made by CNN anchorman. Considering that possibility totally irrelevant and a total unexpected shameful blonder, I would like ask whoever has directly email connection to CNN and or MSNBC daily newscaster, as I've been unable to connect, I am interested in conveying and advise these news media stations to announce, somehow, that the B777 has, like all aircrafts, although not required on all commercial aircrafts by FAA Regs., have ELT (Emergency Locator Transmitter) which only goes off when the aircraft hits either the ground or water under distress. This has been detected, so why not still consider the high possibility that FLT 370 has landed somewhere. Given the fact that if the airplane would have overflown over other country air spaces and possibly detected by military radar, not quite sure because the transponder system was disconnected. What country the pilot would have selected, and in consideration that the fuel range left in the aircraft was estimated at about, let's say conservatively, seven hours of fuel, and further taking into consideration the distance to where some debris was spotted by the satellite, SW of Australian, with the same distance range, why not even assume that the airplane could've been flown to somewhere in Africa. Either its southeastern area or even the west side of the tip of Africa. Keeping further in mind that there are, in many places in the world, air strips that are not depicted in any aeronautical chart, which the pilot in command at the time, could have known. And if it maybe was able to refuel and then continue toward southern Egipt, re-fuel and continue, say Iran. A good and knowledgeable and competent pilot would know how to plot, based upon whatever intentions he may have had. The bottom line here is that why have they've been initially looking for the airplane initially in the water..? Somebody in the entire slough of informants is not releasing the actual truth of what is going on with the entire search intent. There are 239 lives in grave distress and this search should be taken more seriously. It is frustrating and disheartening for the relatives on the ground because it only takes not only expertise knowledge but also simple aeronautical common sense, and that hasn't been fully demonstrated by anyone, not just yet. Again, with so many countries and so aircrafts, apparently still searching, where...?, how...? what has been the areas they are currently and have searching..? The news media is full of comic comments just to make money with commercials and truth not relevant to make the passengers' relatives' life any better enduring and bearable. Check land, check land, check land, water concurrently, but emphasize land now. What is there to lose..? NOTHING...
NEWSFLASH: This plane crashed, and it was most likely crashed on purpose for whatever reason, into the ocean. It was NOT "landed" into the ocean but crashed. After 14 days, whatever sinks has already sank. Nobody could still be alive out there swimming even if someone survived the crash, and whatever might be drifting has spread out so much that even finding a piece wouldn't direct you to a crash site. THE PLANE IS NOT MISSING, AND IT MOST LIKELY WON'T BE FOUND ANYTIME SOON. the plane is destroyed, and the passengers are certainly dead by now.
It would be easier to search everywhere on land where the plane could be landed, and/or hidden then it is searching the ocean that constantly moves. It will turn up in the ocean eventually.
The PIOLT that had put himself on the Internet/Youtube must have been spotted as a potential Moslem Pilot and very well could have been reached or put on a situation to engage with some sort of terrorist groups. There were 2 of them. Pilot and Co-Pilot. either Both were doing this, or one killed the other before pulling this scheme and rerouting the plane. In either cases, it is highly unlikely that the plane has landed for next step terrorist group and most probably crashed. The other very SIMPLE explanation is a "Disgruntled" Pilot or co-pilot wanting to incur sever losses to Malaysia Airline. In this scenario, one pilot must have overpowered the other and have killed all crew and passengers flying to 45000 feet high and on auto pilot and himself died also let the plane crash in south indian ocean eventually.
You're worse than this news story. Congrats.
Tom, There is much more to this story,than what they are telling us.We have to stick to facts & what the technology, Radars & Satellites are telling us. Captain Zaharie Shah is a very intelligent human being. I personally dont think he would commit suscide and bring shame & distress to his family in this manner, I dont think Politics has anything to do with this mystery dissaperance of the aircraft. I am Positive 3 people knew about the operations of various instruments on the plane (1) Captain (2) co-pilot and air craft mechanic Salamart. Were there any others who studied Aircrafts, techanical instruments and transponders YES ( all 20 of the Freescale semiconductors) from Austin Texas. They also are comms experts and worked for the old Motorolla company I read somewhere. They would have know how to silence Mobiles phones. What about the 2 Iranians and this Mysterious Mr ALI. ?? Why would Mr Ali pay for their fares to Europe. Why was their Trip cancelled one week earlier ? Was there a connection between Mr Ali and the Flight Crew? Was there a connection with Mr Ali and the 4 people on Stand by or the 4 people who booked and did not show up and was replaced late. I have seen a manifest of the Passangers and would love to see a Manifest of the Cargo on that plane. There are too many Variables but Malayasian authorities have all the paperwork to investigate and solve this puzzle. Work with what you got and dont rely on Black box and Crash debris to surface as lots of people are saying this plane has landed and hidden somewhere.
Head pilot wasn't a "Moslem" he was an atheist that was pro-democracy.
Boss.......I still think dee plane is on Fantasy Island.
This dude needs to go back to junior high science class if he truly believes his "theory" of the plane being ingested by a black hole. My god, where do they find these idiots and how much is he getting paid? It's on the same level as that reality star believing the underground railroad was an actual train... Dumb down America. This is the future of television entertainment... watching a bunch of #$%$ idiots babble. "They just have to look good. They don't have to be clear". Don Henley
he is from CNN what more do you wont he is a democrat or a liberal
Calm down and read the the piece from the article i posted below. Yo need to go back to elementry school and take some Reading Comprehension classes. The article clearly says "Lemon read a pair of tweets he received from viewers". Near the end of CNN's special primetime report on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 on Wednesday, anchor Don Lemon read a pair of tweets he received from viewers suggesting the plane's disappearance could be the result of a "black hole," Bermuda Triangle or an occurence akin to the television series "Lost."
Black Hole is not even plausible so for someone to contemplate that doesn't know physics. It is however more plausible to have transferred into or over to our Parallel Universe like in Fringe. Now that would be fantastic!!! I agree with Rupert though. This plane was stolen and is hidden somewhere now. Not to mention someone had a theory that it is being packed with explosives to be used as an attack device. Perhaps land somewhere as a major attack. That's what the CIA, FBI and NSA need to be focusing on now. Making sure that something unexpected may occur. Like 9/11. Who would have ever thought in a million years that that type of attack would have ever happened? Bring on the theories people. Brilliant! And the Reward. Pure Genius.
I am completely with you 100%! I think if the plane didn't crash and they are using it to attack someone somewhere, then I believe that those people are alive and they will use them as hostages. Because then it becomes a very hard choice, we would have to kill over 230 of innocent people to bring the plane down but that is worth it if it saves thousands of lives. A lot of people think that if they are using the plane as a weapon then they would kill off all the 230 people, and I think if they were to take a plane then they wanted all those people too not just the parts of the plane. It will be very interesting to see how this plays out, it would be a very sad situation if I am right though because then it will be us having to kill the innocent to save the innocent!
True journalism is suppose to contain known facts, not speculation. Seems like CNN and other news sources are all editorial and opinion and rely on speculation when there is lack of a complete story. I guess they have to give the talking heads something to talk about to fill the time slot. "People are saying to me, why aren't you talking about the possibility [of a black hole] "... I wonder if the people Lemon is hanging out with were visitors to the Comic-Con Convention?!? CNN use to be the highest echelon for news. This story does not reflect previous higher standards.
Calm down and read the the piece from the article i posted below. Yo need to go back to elementry school and take some Reading Comprehension classes. The article clearly says "Lemon read a pair of tweets he received from viewers". Near the end of CNN's special primetime report on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 on Wednesday, anchor Don Lemon read a pair of tweets he received from viewers suggesting the plane's disappearance could be the result of a "black hole," Bermuda Triangle or an occurence akin to the television series "Lost." More
I believe the hijacking theory is most likely..it could be covered up with many things to hide it and the passengers could be held in a bunker somewhere underground where there are no penetrable signals or even ability for xray to locate heat type references of metal or bodies..I submitted a photo of a young man in a news conference who stood out among the crowd to the proper authorities..Not saying it is anything but asked that they investigate the photo as it gave me chills looking at his face...I do hope that my theory among others as Hijacking would be plausible and believable...a black hole is just far fetch that is like saying a washing machine ghost takes our socks mates and underwear..no they are never found but we know where they were seen last...Peace to all and lets continue praying for this situation...
What really happened was the plane got caught up in a strong jet stream, got caught in a time warp and travelled back in time to the Stone Age. Right now it's probably trying to get back into that jet stream so will it get back to this century, just like that episode of the Twilight Zone when a New York-bound jet got into a time ware due to a strong jet stream, wound up back in the Stone Age and eventually got back into the 20th century, but only got as far as 1939, not 1960 like it should have been. Well, it could have happened. This is a good a theory as any other crack pot scheme!
Rest assured CNN will be on this story. Just give them another day to get their "facts" straight!
I was thinking more along the lines of that the Borg assimilated them. @ Fredt: ...and meanwhile Fox News is drumming up a way to blame the planes disappearance on Obama and affordable health care.
but if it comes back to, say, 1940, we would know about it because it would have been in all the newspapers back then.
or, David, like the dems claim that Regan was "starving our children" when he raised free lunch expenditures by only 5%. You liberal fools are pieces of work, among other things.
Regan started Reganomics, which has led to the current and growing gap between rich and poor with the middle class in the abyss.
I've heard just about enough from these pilots, air traffic people and all the blame that's being passed around to the crew of this airliner. The planes been gone for 2 weeks now and no sign of it. It could be on a small island in the area. There are some islands there with run ways that can accommodate a large plane. There is also the chance that it is deep under water by now and may never be found. All of these scenarios are possible. This article about a black hole does seem a bit far fetched but there could be a small area out there like the Bermuda triangle. It's just a guess but who knows. Maybe the plane was taken away by an alien mother ship. No one knows so don't say I'm wrong, because no one else is right either yet... are they ? Just a thought !!
@Doug - But you must admit that some explanations (e.g., ocean crash) are much, much more plausible than others (e.g., alien abduction). Even the "Bermuda Triangle" is just hype.
Don't be surprised at this talking head's idiotic statement, he's only mirroring what a great majority of the population believes, to wit: kidnapping by space aliens, ghosts, haunted houses, levitation, and my all-time favorite junk science subject ... astrology. If you don't think the number of idiots out there who actually give credence to this poop is high do your own ad hoc survey, it's mind blowing. So yes, the Malaysian plane was sucked up by a black hole, and I have a bridge in Brooklyn I want to sell you.
The remains of this plane will eventually be found. I personaly think this plane is on the ground somewhere. I also think that those 20 technitians are a valuble asset to someone. In the back of my head i also thought that there may have been a catastrophic series of airplane systems and pilot mistakes. If there were electrical problems it wouldn't be so far fetched, All one has to do is look at the problems that have mired the 787, and with the current over automations of flight deck systems and the use of batteries and so forth. it would seem that this could be a real possibility. Another pressing problem with these planes are the stress fatigue cracks in the wings, I could only Imagine the death knell of Boeing if these were to be the problems that brought down this plane.
"There is a logical explanation for CNN's attention: ratings. Wall-to-wall coverage of the missing plane has given CNN a series of wins over Fox News in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic coveted by advertisers." Sigh... I miss turning the TV to watch actual news. They'll throw anything (including this superstition #$%$) just to get ratings? Not so sure on the 25-54 demographics. I think it has to do with more with the perception on how fair and balanced the reports are. I quit watching CNN long time ago. Does anyone even give a care to watch Piers Morgan? What a DB.
All Big Media is driven by ratings. Some are just more shameless than others.
Even the idiots will eventually burn out on this story and switch channels. Then its back to where the ratings were before.
my take on this preposterous black hole bit is that the anchorman was trying for a bit of levity and wit at the expense of the lost plane. such unprofessional tackiness has no place and should not be entertained on such a serious event as this; a black hole indeed would do much more damage than make one plane disappear. Aviation should make a device available other than the black box to prevent future instances of this happening! aeronautical engineers this is your cue.
So like dual black boxes one has a little ejector button, since the pilots can't save themselves they save one of the boxes the moment they realize a problem and the other goes down with the ship. That way you know how they died, or at least have a warning if something is wrong even if they somehow survive. For emergency systems, never think one would be enough.
I think Don Lemon hit the ejector button on his career.....I'm just saying....
Well this author has no theories or explanations himself so just bash anyone who might use their brain? Please Brad Metlzer had a show and there are countless others that detail alien beings and crafts with plenty of evidence... you still have no evidence for what happened , while it might not be a black hole, but it could be some secret alien base, secret government base, or even just an accident where a government shot it down and is covering it up.. We did shoot down a plane a few years back by accident remember? where was your black box info then?
I, like everyone else in the world am hoping for the very best situation possible in locating and recovering the missing Malaysian jetliner. I know it may be useless to keep up hope for something that in reality must be long gone from our society. But when you have love ones connected to and with the flight, your heart will never rest until it knows beyond a doubt that every last bit of hope has been exhausted. Personally for myself, I don't think I would have gotten very much sleep at all from the first day until now. But there's a theory I would like to bring up, I don't know if it has been measured or not but I wanted to know if there has been much thought to the two Iranian passengers that had the two stolen passports. I would look into this very hard, I would even try investigating Iran for a possible lead there. Since the country has a noted history of taking and accepting hostages maybe, just maybe, the plane made its arrival somewhere in Iran. If that be the case, the entire crew could be there as the plane could have been hijacked by the two Iranians with the stolen passports and landed somewhere in Iran. This is my theory, and I am wishing as is everyone that this could possibly be the case. I don't ever want to think of any of the other alternatives, "I pray for all 239 passengers every day, to make a safe return to the world"...
It's obvious to me that nobody has considered that after turning, the aircraft simply went home. I bet that right now, it's in its own hanger in Kuala Lampur. Only, the door lock mechanism is stuck and they can't get out, but are impatiently awaiting release. Hurry! The peanuts won't hold out much longer!
I think ET used the airplane to phone home!!! CNN sucks, MSNBC sucks, but American Pickers rocks!!! I had 3 Astronomy classes recently: Astronomy (exploring the universe); Galactic and Extragalactic Astronomy; and Astronomy in the Global Context. If someone suggests any theory regarding Astronomical scientific entities, they should first take foot and put in mouth or work for CNN, MSNBC, etc. The Black Hole is Einstein's Theory of Relativity in 1916 of gravity being the curvature of space and time, and astronomer Karl Schwarzschild found a way to solve Einstein's equations to describe the gravitational field around a single, non-rotating, electrically neutral lump of matter called the Schwarzschild black holes. Schwarszchild radius (Rs) - the radius of the event horizon. A collapsing core must shrink inside its Schwarzschild radius to become a black hole. This radius depends only on the mass of the object (in kilograms) in a simple equation: Rs = 2GM / c² G: gravitational constant M: mass c: speed of light Leaping into a Black Hole: Time Dilation - time slows down when in strong gravitational fields such as in the black hole. This is the slowing on the edge of the hole. Gravitational Redshift - the lengthening of the wavelength (reddening of the light). When the light has entered into the hole, it loses energy and turns red as it tries to overcome the gravitational pull inside the hole. He should have called a person who would give him solid refutable theory, but he's a CNN news-person, so he gets a bye!
Well, I don't know if it is anymore preposterous than any other theory that they have come up with, has been nothing. They have been wrong with every prediction. In spite of what we as human species believes, collectively, and that is everything. There is plenty that we don't know. A black hole is as tangible as "Heaven." We want to believe that there is some beautiful utopia that our souls transcend to, but we don't know that, just as we don't know of any fiery pit called Hell. Seems like we can experience either one in this lifetime, There are plenty of demons walking this planet today, but they are better known as racists, bigots, egotists, sociopaths, etc. We claim that this is God's kingdom; is this how we treat God's Holy Land? We walk around and accuse everyone else of being 'liars,' but I absolutely believe that those who accuse others of lying and being deceptive, are the biggest hypocrites of all. Another dimension? Why not?
you need to acquire a working definition of "preposterous." there are some wild theories out there, but a black hole?
Is this what CNN must resort to for attention nowadays?
I hate when black holes just sneak up on people so easily.
here's a theory, why don't we stop therorizing and just move on with our daily lives until they find something conclusive - we've all be watching way too much television (myself included) and I feel terrible for the families of the lost loved ones but they are not the first and will not be the last - anything can happen to any of us at anytime - let's get out there and live good lives (healthy productive and kind to others) for those that lost theirs and also for those that are grieving ...
Ain't - The best theory EVER. "Stories" are presented as breaking news, but just turn out to be repackaged and elaborate "I dunno" theories. Those poor families, on such a jerking roller coaster of news conference speculations. The Malaysians have certainly conducted a real Keystone Cops style investigation.
The press is illiterate to all things technical, functional and economic. To ABC's credit they used to have a correspondent, Jules Bergman, who specialized in trying to bring some sanity to the stone stupid press on how things work. Now mind you, the press are the same people who spout ill-informed verbage regarding global warming, how great Obama is, and wierd geography ... like Crimea has always been Ukranian. The point is... get your laughs from network news, and not your facts ... and learn to filter out the left-wing bias on everything.
I'm waiting for someone to say they saw a giant cartoon hand come from the clouds and shoot lightening at the plane like in Monty Python's The Meaning of Life: General: But of course warfare isn't all fun. Right, stop that! It's all very well to laugh at the military, but when one considers the meaning of life, it is a struggle between alternative viewpoints of life itself. And without the ability to defend one's own viewpoint against other, perhaps more aggresive ideologies, then reasonableness and moderation could quite simply disappear. That is why we'll always need an Army, and may God strike me down were it to be otherwise... [the General immediately explodes in a puff of smoke, outside a large hand is retracting into a cloud] Sergeant-Major: Don't stand there gawping! Like you've never seen the hand o' God before!
That is as credible as all the different gods and religions on this ROUND planet.
JR: You shouldn't make light of this tragedy. People lost their lives. Others lost family members and friends.
Sooner or later, one way or another we are all gone anyway.
DUH I DONE SAW IT...over here in Akansas.....bigga den life....
Wow - the lack of science education in this country is appalling. First, if it were a black hole, there would have been a huge release of electromagnetic energy due tothe plane being accelerated, heated and stretched as it was pulled into th eblack hole. Second, the hole would not "suck up...our universe" as Ms. Schiavo stated. If that were so, any one of th ebillions of black holes in the universe would have long ago consumed the universe. Why can't these people keep their mouths shut on things they don't understand instead of propagating their ignorance as fact?
richardn, I think these commentators have to fill a certain amount of time with the big stories, and in the absence of any "real" information, they just keep gabbing. I know they have to worry about the staitons' ratings, but when they go on about black holes or whatever, you have to wonder.......
A* S * S umptions....we all have ONE, lol!
Hawkins recently said there are NO BLACK HOLES.
Stupid people with access to a large audience are dangerous. More people should venture off of land and on to a boat. He fails to grasp how vast the ocean is, and the fact that some event on the plane led to the deception of the actual flight path the aircraft took. The problem with searches at sea is that not only can wreckage sink to the bottom of one of the deepest oceans on the planet, debris is also subject to ocean currents, wind and weather, and the marine life. The Malaysian flight will be found, but it will take time to scan the ocean floor to find the remains of the aircraft. The worst part though, is that if the aircraft was crashed on purpose at high speed, it is more likely that less of the aircraft will be intact, thus making it tougher, and potentially impossible to find enough evidence to ever piece together what happened.
It's also possible that it could never be found. Wonder if it was possible for the plane to have made a relatively "soft" landing on the ocean somewhere (whatever caused it), and the thing just sank? In which case one has to wonder, WOULD there be much in the way of debris floating around? But you're right, the "oooh-eee-oooh" theories are more than a bit weird. If CNN or other news stations have nothing new and sane to report on the crash, they should move on to other stories until more real information is available.
NORAD keeps track of every single piece of anything that is hurling through the air worldwide. High, low, fast, slow, transponder, no transponder.. whatever.. they track it and they record its movements down to a frog's hair. It's what they do. Every second of every day. It's what keeps the USA safe from anything.. anything.. in the air that may be an intrusion threat to American shores or those of our foreign allies. As well, the US Navy has ships all around the globe that pretty much do the same thing on a more localized level. If a plane, any plane, is anywhere within 1,000 miles of a carrier battle group you can be assured there is someone tracking its every move. Would that infer that the Pentagon knows where flight 370 is? Gee, ya think? Problem is, there are all kinds of complex security measures in place that keeps them from just standing up and blurting it all out. Measures that could very well compromise the security of entire continents.. possibly just by the act, alone, of revealing the means of knowing what they do as it mixes among a vast matrix of policies, protocols and procedures that you and I as ordinary citizens don't know or understand even 0.00000001% of.. not to mention the political side of it all. Sorry, but the grieving families of a couple hundred people (non Americans at that) isn't even close to justifying the outing of that information.. so they just sit idly by and watch while, hopefully, other means of terrestrial investigation eventually leads to the plane's discovery.
or perhaps things aren't tracked as closely as you think they are
If that's true, then they can leak the location of the plane out, and nobody would be able to trace the leak to it's source.
It seems like it's only a matter of time before the news networks go the way of The History Channel: #$%$ reality programs punctuated with pseudo-historical shows filled with commercials. I get the feeling that all of this global communication will eventually push as all into regional isolation once we get sick of the constant pandering to stupidity and increasing lack of credibility that permeates ALL media. Suddenly a theory is plausible and newsworthy because I read it on Twitter. I can't wait until we have to sit through news anchors sharing their Facebook feeds so I can see what all of their friends had for dinner last night.
In other words… it was aliens.
Pseudo-history, pseudo-science, pseudo-current-events, pseudo-reality (Keeping Up With the Kardashians is reality?). It's largely swallowed by the American public because of our pseudo-educations and our pseudo-religion.
The History Channel: Where the truth, is HISTORY!
And, SethM, they have their script writers introduce more and more fake argument and confrontation into the "reality" shows in a lame attempt to attract people. I have begun to refer to them as "Springer" shows, recognizing the king of confrontation, Jerry Springer.
Don, you only need a few million people to tune in for the advertisers and programers to consider something viable for tv. Even 10 million is less than 3% of the US population.
You telling me Juan Pablo is Not a Pilot and Surviving on an island has Nothing to do with immunity challenges?
A man goes to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have some bad news and some really bad news. Which do you want to hear first?" The patient says, "The really bad news." Doctor - "You have terminal cancer." Patient - "And the bad news?" Doctor: "You have Alzheimer." The patient shrugs and says, "at least I don't have cancer."
Those History channel programs sure looks like creation of stories out of their bedrooms.
Right on Seth. We might as well blame it on Elvis who is at area 51. Geeish.
The short answer to is the black hole preposterous was answered as "yes". No kidding. I suppose the History Channel will come up with something relating Nazis, Nostradamus and Aliens regarding this flight.
You didn't know aliens are part of our history? Come on, get with the program SethM. Everyone knows aliens built the pyramids and Stonehedge and everything else. Sarcasm.
Oh #$%$ all of you, the history channel is great.
Genetic Fallacy: It tries to disprove a view or argument based on how the belief originated. Even if true that is how the belief can to some people, it would not disprove that belief false. The media tries to mock conspiracies by the name 'conspiracy theories', yet everyone has a theory that involves conspiracies. Hijacking is a conspiracy. A conspiracy is an illegal action between two or more people. There are laws against conspiracies. US news media try to make us believe them as though we cannot think for ourselves.
Genetic Fallacy: It tries to disprove a view or argument based on how the belief originated. Even if true that is how the belief came to some people, it would not disprove that belief false. The media tries to mock conspiracies by the name 'conspiracy theories', yet everyone has a theory that involves conspiracies. Hijacking is a conspiracy. Two robbers commit conspiracy. A conspiracy is an illegal action between two or more people who plotted. There are laws against conspiracies. US news media try to make us believe them as though we cannot think for ourselves.
Bet'cha Hollywood's already working on the movie like "What really happened to flight #.....
Black Holes are explained by Physics, they are not supernatural.
@SAM 80 Yes, they are explained by physics, but the physics behind them still hasn't been completely worked out, and we still don't understand them fully because they unite to incompatible fields of science: Quantum Physics and General Relativity.
why don't you ask Stephen Hawking what he now thinks about black holes? like most, if not all, of science theories (and let us not forget they are theories and not fact, he now says he does not believe in them...sheesh...
@Eugene Y - A complete understanding of Black Holes WILL only be explained by Physics. The "supernatural" is that which is outside of the Laws of Physics. God, Heaven, Hell, angels, etc... are examples of the supernatural.
@Commenter - Scientific theories are only ever disproven by Science. God didn't tell Hawking is theories were wrong. Science, as a practical method, has never been wrong.
@Eugene Y - The Laws of Physics breakdown in the center of a black hole. M theory (string theory) is the best candidate for the Theory of Everything, which reconciles General Relativity with Quantum Mechanics.
@SAM 80 Yes, I do believe string theory explains black holes pretty well because it makes the singularity less of a point and more of a "fuzzball", which is better than something with infinite density...
There are lots of close minded, stupid people that are so afraid (or jealous) of extraterrestrial intelligent life that they actually sound off in the head. Maybe they’re afraid of losing the control they have on people. Maybe they’re themselves are the aliens, and they are trying to quiet the subject by calling people crazy so the truth will stay hidden. Either way something is going on. It’s not normal to keep a close mind like these people.
What do you mean by "matter of time"? It already happened a long time ago!
Seems like some supernatural force has removed Lemon's brain yet left him still moving his lips. Now THAT is some kind of unexplained event.
I cannot blame Lemon for his comment. CNN's coverage has been pathetic at best. ANYONE with an opinion has been allowed on the show to float it as possible news. They have been in "Breaking News" mode since its disappearance. The next theory will probably be that "they" have seen parts of wreckage on the moon
"How about Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee (D) of Houston Texas who said in a speech on the house floor that the Constitution was over 400 years old and asked a person at NASA if the Mars rover managed to get a picture of the flag that the astronauts planted there? How about Congressman Hank Johnson (D) Georgia who was afraid to allow 8,000 Marines to be transferred to the island of Guam because he thought the island would tip over? " It's one thing to have a party with SOME stupid people in it. It's quite another to be in a party with more stupid people than average or intelligent ones. You had to do some digging to find those examples. I could scan headlines TODAY and find someone from the (R) side who has a bad case of self-inflicted foot-in-mouth disease. It's not the unusual exception like you cited. For the Republicans, it's the norm. The trouble is, rightists generally don't recognize reality in the first place, so we don't bother telling them how mentally screwed-up they are anymore. They're just too delusional to listen, let alone believe it. (Wanna see what happens when reality proves it's real to a rightist? Karl Rove election night, November 2012 Fox. Funniest damn thing I've ever seen the man do.) As for the article, and to keep this on topic (unlike what you did), this newscaster should find work at Fox. He's on their intellectual level. He reminds me of Ted Baxter from the Mary Tyler Moore show. An anchorman without a clue.
You forgot OBAMA and Americas 57 States!
You get what you vote for........................................
Typical national news anchor with no science background! I been around a couple of national anchors for years and they have nothing between their eyes but air. Believe it or not; they spend two hours before air time; reading their script over and over again. Then they read it with the teleprompter just before the show begins. They are just machines. All are dummier then dirt and the producers know this first hand. They just get clued for emotions express too. They have no feelings to express other then that of the producer tell them to show. They have it on big cardboard with faces and word under the image like smile. Ted Baxter anchor is more true to life then one would realize.
This statement from the former inspector general does not show a good grasp of science either: "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe.".
One must admit a plane that big with so many people makes one wonder.
CNN talking head: "Well ... Ron ... if the aircraft kind of sort of was like out of control ... would that affect the .... you know ... like the pings and the black boxes ... or something ... like that ... maybe ... kind of .... or not?"
They brought in scientists even they can't make it out... You, I, and Everyone is clueless. These are just theories, not factual.
in reading the comments i'm reminded of the anchor on 'Family Guy'...which like the 'black hole' sucking in a 777 is failing me as the same black hole is taking my brain out of my head..but let's not stand on ceremony for a name from an animated series..the position should offer recognition...and the guy who wrote here about the emptiness of news anchors has probably gotten a lot more right than wrong......
We have heard a lot stuff tonight... Black Holes - Wormholes - Rips In Time - Time Warp - Ripping through an Aurora Borealis - Hijacking - Pilot Suicide - The Pilot Saying "Thank You And Good Night" and the plane disappears from the winds of the air...!!! Choose one of each and tell us why you think it could be or could not be... Don't go into great detail, but, tell us in so many words why you chose that subject... Be Honest - Not Nasty and then the next person takes another subject and does the same and tells could it be or you think it could not be... That simple...!!!
Anonymous, you're correct; they're not news reporters anymore, they're TV celebrities. Maybe it's because I remember the days of Cronkite, Huntley and Brinkley, etc., but I don't care much for TV "news" now. Just little news bites with lots and lots of filler.
I'll play Luke. The pilot saying "Alright, goodnight" is common practice among pilots in that region when they transfer from one air traffic control tower to another, or when they're going out of range of one over the ocean. The attention being given to this quote has been overplayed and debunked by many pilots confirming exactly what I just posted on multiple news networks. Next!
Just watching many newscasts struggle to say anything of value in the over-coverage of this disaster is painful. Endless repetition, same film clips, etc. etc. Just move on to something else until something new and informative pops up.
Dumb theory by a media person. He's probably been watching too many reruns of one of the old Star Trek sagas. Then again he is a member of today's media who seem to deal more in speculation than they do in facts. The plane has either landed some where, or crashed in the ocean, or on a land mass some where. How it met one of these two ends is the only mystery, which can't be figured out until it is found. Once it is found, then the experts can start working on solving the mystery.
He didn't suggest it. He was reading a tweet from a viewer who suggested it.
CNN shld put Don Lemon in that black hole to search for the plane and then they would get the real news...Don is so stupid and he has a job.Heaven help us.
OK, here's a theory inspired by a made for TV movie that starred Cheryl Ladd. Earthlings in the future are dying off and are not being replaced because all people have become sterile. So in order to perpetuate our species the future earthlings go back in time to present day. They transport themselves every few months onto an airliner; transport the passengers off the plane to their own spacecraft; and put exact, zombie-like replicas of the passengers back onto the plane. They then allow the plane to crash with the replicas on board. Through this process the future earthlings get citizens who are still capable of breeding, and present day investigators are looking at a routine plane crash complete with victims.
That's just as good as all the others. LOL
The movie was Millennium from 1989 and also starred Kris Kristofferson. OK movie, not worth watching again, but an interesting premise. And Cheryl Ladd! I too recalled that movie when I heard about this.
"We go to church, the supernatural power of God. You deal with all of that. People are saying to me, why aren't you talking about the possibility — and I'm just putting it out there — that something odd happened to this plane, something beyond our understanding" And this folks, is yet another reason why religion is a virus in our society. When we accept myths and ridiculous notions of people resurrecting, and magically curing the sick and the blind, we lose a connection with the REAL world, and we stop searching for the truth.
I think we know who the real virus is.
And what if the truth is exactly what you deny or place as a fairy tale. There are lots of unexplainable events in every area of life, that's why there is the word Phenomenon.
@Sanctity -- "And what if the truth is exactly what you deny or place as a fairy tale." What IF? Well, then I would admit I was wrong. But I'm not going to live my life believing in something 'just in case' it really does exist. That's insanity! Show me the evidence of a greater power, and I will become a believer... TODAY.
Are you crazy? It certainly was not a black hole but instead was a little green man who shot the plane down with an Illudium PU-36 Explosive Space Modulator!
You know this makes me very angry......very angry, indeed.
News shows need to get back to being news broadcasts. Enough with the Hollywoodization of global events. Tell use what is relevant to our world and stop with trying to entertain us.
Right now it looks like Courtney Love should be heading the investigation. After scanning images on Tomnod it is easy to see that the plane would be spotted easily from satellite. The resolution is amazing. With all the military actions in that area, I serious can't believe they don't know where the plane is/was. If they truly don't know where the plane is then they/we have a big problem because that means planes can be stolen anytime whoever it is that stole it wants to steal one. Apparently they can also fly it around for 8 hours unchallenged. So every country in that area best watch out because a jumbo jet loaded with fuel and assorted other explosives could be heading your way. A black hole or Bermuda triangle would get a few people off the hook. Hell blame it on aliens. Hate to tell them, but they look like a bunch of morons running around changing the search area every few days. Wonder who is going to foot the bill on this. And to all those countries not cooperating don't call us next time you get run over by a tsunami.
It's probable that the CIA knows exactly where the plane is, but saying so would compromise their intelligence-gathering. As you say, the resolution on those satellite cameras is amazing-- they can see a dime from space and tell whether it's heads or tails.
You are better then any president in the world , very true !, well said my dear.
Omg,Debyduz u have me stitches !! But my prayers are with all those aboard.
I am so glad the world doesn't judge Americans just because Obama is in charge the way you think other countries should suffer because you are not being fed news every 3 seconds
I don't know who Joe is calling stupid. He certainly can't be referring to Debuduz. Good comment Deby.
It would almost be humerous if Courtney Love actually found the plane lol
Come on, it's 2014, I'm sure that he meant 'African American' hole.
I love how theories are taught and presented as fact. I understand that science studies all things and has a pretty good understanding of most, not all, things ON planet Earth. I also understand that I was taught in high school that there was zero water anywhere else in our solar system. Now we all know water is everywhere. I know this rant isn't really about a plane but, I am saying we don't know anything for fact about black holes, other dimensions, etc. We need to take these theories into consideration when dealing with oddities of course but, keep open minds. Ever notice how evolution is spoken about as fact yet is still a theory? Anyway....I hope we find this plane.....
Sooooo... you ALSO think it could have been a black hole?...
The word theory is used differently in the scientific community than it is in our everyday lives. I dont know where you went to HS but in the little podunk school I attended we knew better. Even in grade school we knew comets were made of ice. Ever notice how gravity is also spoken about as a fact yet is still also a "theory". What the CNN anchor was reading wasnt scientific theory, it was rambling speculation by a few uninformed doodleheads. And like you, I also hope they find the plane.
This guy is a nutball. Not sure if anyone else saw this, but last Saturday he had a model of the plane in his hand. "This is a model of the plane!" Thank you. "Now, this is where the lithium batteries are kept." He pointed to the area. This went on for quite a while. It was very uncomfortable. But he wasn't done. Then he tries to hand the model off to someone else on the panel, who you can tell was thinking "are you F N kidding me?" I wonder if the next time there is a major accident on the highway that he won't pull out his Matchboxes and slam them into each other.
I remember seeing some of that before changing channels. I was too embarrassed for him to watch the rest. Oh, so that's what a plane looks like! I've ridden in them several times but I never took the time to really look at them.
That is f0hakingg hilarious Brian!! Have a good day friends..
I think he was just trying to fill time.
This guy came out a few months ago therefore nothing bad can be said about him. He is immune from criticism.
@Spider-Mans Assistant. I guess you had to throw in the "Black Thing." You never see anyone saying "Its a Caucasian Thing" when a Caucasian does something similar, dies of drug overdose, shootings, etc. Learn to realize this world is not made of just Caucasian people. If you can't live with that just leave.
He also said the other night that everyone on that night was an expert, he proceeded to explain what field each was an expert in & then referred to himself & said " & I am an expert journalist". He is getting as ridiculous as Piers Morgan! I wonder who gave him his title as an expert journalist? I wouldn't, he always acts like he's so right & appears very pompous.
@Spider-Mans Assistant. What the hell is wrong with you man! Yeah caucasians are just as stupid but stereotypes, c'mon, what #$%$' century are we in?
@Jay Man. I would agree with you, except what makes you think Spider-Mans Assistant is white or pro-caucasian. Do you just have something against Caucasians? Or do have some reason to believe all racists morons are white? Usually when I hear someone say something racist, sexist, or ethnically derogatory or stupid, kinda like your comment, it's usually coming out of the mouth of someone who isn't considered caucasian...
And the libby tarded wonder why Fox News crushes the ratings.
First, LMAO. Second, nobody says it's a Caucasian thing, because "NOBODY" ever says it's a Caucasian thing. However, I hear or read it on T-Shirts, "It's a Black Thing" you wouldn't understand. Personally, I don't care what color, religion, ethnic background, and any other POLITICALLY correct word you can dream up, STUPID is STUPID. Let's be glad that all of the CNN Journalists are experts! And this is exactly why I quit watching the News, they consistently overplay something, dream up all kinds of STUPID, and never report on facts anymore, just their simple minded opinions. And the REAL stories are left out of any real newscast no matter which network you watch.
But what about pointing that out makes him a nutjob? Black holes do exist and that lady is wrong because they do not just suck all matter. If that was the case there would be no universe because it has been scientifically proven that they do exist. The same people that believe in a man living in the clouds and creating everything from one day to another with magic are the ones making fun of this guy for theorizing something that is possible? ooook
Keiv very well said. The Sad thing is Jay Probably still doesn't understand.
""A small black hole would suck in our entire universe. So we know it's not that..." There may primordial black hole floating around and if one big enough hit the Earth, because they are so dense (especially on large enough to swallow plane) there would be noticable side effects as it passed thru the Earth - nasty things like massive Earthquakes and disruptions to the magnetic field. Of course theoretically, they are so small they would have no noticable impact - well, THEORETICALLY.... As for me Im going going with the LANGOLIERS theory. Im suprised they didnt mention that one. Problem is everyone who is awake on each passage thru the rift disappears - so one person will have to fly the plane while the rest of the passengers are knocked out by reducing cabin pressure. Thats assuming there was someone on the plane capable of flying it assuming both the pilot and copilot were awake and vanished. I believe they said they had a passenger on the plane who was a pilot - hopefully he was asleep! Hey you never know! Ok, can I be on Don Lemons show now? I want my 15 minutes of fame.
God's got the whole world in His hand's, & He is in control
Didn't you hear? They just recently decided that black holes don't really exist. At least Hawking said that.
Come on? A thumbs down? seriously, just google it.
Let's look at what we do know; after getting to the spot that radar from the Air Ports could not "see" them on radar things began to go awry. 1) In the planes cockpit the "Black Box" and "Radio and Onboard Electronics Systems" were shut off. 2) The pilots last transmission is "Good-night". 3) The plane continues to send "Pings" from the onboard automatic systems and continues to fly for 7 hours. 4) The plane begins to fly on a Pilot Pre-set flight plan that makes a dramatic left turn and takes the plane to 45,000 feet altitude, an altitude it isn't supposed to fly at and then dives down to an altitude that will be under Air Ports radar. 5) Eventually Thailand says that it had an unidentified large jet flying low off of it;s coast at the time the Flight #370 would have passed there. When asked why they had't said so sooner, they replied, "No one asked us." Obviously perturbed they had't been contacted, but this is normal behavior for SE Asia. 6) The pilots family leaves their family home 1 day before this incident occurs. 7) The flight simulator in the pilots home has simulated flights going in the opposite direction than the flight took after the incident occurred and more than had been recently erased. The FBI gets the computer and takes it to Quantico to retrieve the information two weeks after incident. 8) Boeing & Rolls Royce, makers of large jets, have onboard electronics and tracking devices that report to them on every plane they make that help them determine their products state and condition are contacted by officials, but results have not been made public. 9) The conclusion is that officials know where the plane landed, but have yet to make it public knowledge. The leads us to deduce, and this is the first place in this paragraph that is a deduction, that the plane is in a sensitive place, like Russia, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iran, Turkey, or other state that we would rather keep out of the news. 10) All of this does not bode well for passengers. If the oxygen mask for the cabin can be turned off from the cockpit, the flight reaching an altitude of 45,000 feet would have killed everyone in the cabin. These are the facts and one deduction, you will not here the local "News" as they are forbidden to do so by the Gov't in order to keep panic from spreading. Why? Because a 777 with a nuclear device or even with common explosives flying under radar with a 7200 to 8000 miles range is a scary proposition.
Twighlight Zone the Odyessy of Flight 33. The episode takes place on Global Airlines Flight 33, en route from London to New York City. About 50 minutes from Idlewild Airport (now called JFK), Captain Farver and his crew notice that their Boeing 707 is drastically increasing speed, repeatedly crossing some kind of barrier. With much of their equipment malfunctioning, including radio communications, they eventually realize they have been thrown back in time when they see no signs of civilization but spot a grazing Sauropod Dinosaur. They increase altitude in an attempt to cross the barrier again and to return to 1961, but arrive above the 1939 New York World's Fair instead. Realizing that they can't land all the passengers in 1939 at LaGuardia Airport, and low on fuel, the captain decides to keep trying to return "home" to 1961. "All I ask is that you remain calm", he informs the passengers over the P.A. system, "...and pray". This is one of the few episodes using an ending with neither a twist nor a resolution.
Millennium (1989) starring Kris Kristofferson and Cheryl Ladd Airliners which are doomed to crash are "harvested" by time-travelers who seek to repopulate the (polluted) Earth of 1,000 years in the future. The passengers are evacuated (knocked out by "sleeping gas") and replaced by corpses from the future. Then one of the operatives leaves behind an all important device, so she goes back to the past to retrieve it and she meets (and falls in love with) Kris Kristopherson.
great show, she could do a whole lot better than Kristoverson (sp)?
I always liked that episode! talked to it with my brother...just lost in time ..trying to get back!
When people stop watching the insipidness, rating will crash and formats will change. Simple.
Hmmm into a black hole. Maybe Courtney Love really does have a clue where that plane is.
Last year during a panel discussion, CNN's Anchor Deb Feyerick, asked Bill Nye if the Asteroid that had passed close to Earth, was caused by Global Warming. One would think there should be a questionnaire or IQ test during CNN's interview process.
What a collection of dingbats. But they've been talking about this non-stop for 12 days without a shred of evidence so I guess they are desperate for some new angle to pontificate on. First of all, if it was a black hole, which it wasn't, and is impossible according to current black hole theory, it would not suck in the entire universe - the solar system perhaps - but not the entire universe. And if it was a black hole none of us would exist to be discussing it. Why not invoke the concept that God snatched it from the sky? God works in mysterious ways and explains the whole thing :)
First, one has to prove Black Holes exist, at least one that's not collecting Welfare.
Well You know an advanced race would have machines to create controlled black holes. Even though I think that's rediculas explanation is this case. still that's is the truth.
Lou....ur mother is on welfare?....sorry to hear
GOD HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS GREG!! IF ANYTHING IT WAS THE DEVIL WORKING THROUGH SOMEONE ON THAT PLANE FOR REAL!!
Greg and all the rest of you, you are all assuming we know about everything around us. We don't. We really don't know all that much about whats in our oceans and the sky is bigger than the ocean and has a lot accessibility. Not saying there is any blackhole in the sky cuz I'll believe it when I see it but I'm just saying we don't know everything.
My uncle claims to have a Black hole gun,never lets me see it,says he will show it to my mom though...strange...
@Joe head. Had there been a black hole large enough to swallow up a 777 without a trace, we'd have seen the effects of the gravity on other things
and for my next Jedi mind trick!
The aliens have it and will trade it for a Big Foot!
We have heard a lot stuff tonight... Black Holes - Wormholes - Rips In Time - Time Warp - Ripping through an Aurora Borealis - Hijacking - Pilot Suicide - The Pilot Saying "Thank You And Good Night" and the plane disappears from the winds of the air...!!! Choose one of each and tell us why you think it could be or could not be... Don't go into great detail, but, tell us in so many words why you chose that subject... Be Honest - Not Nasty and then the next person takes another subject and does the same and tells could it be or you think it could not be... That simple...!!!
"Religion of Peace". End of discussion.
First choice: Cockpit fire, pilot attempted to make for nearest runway, lost radar and communications, eventually lost control of plane, it continued to fly on auto plot until it ran out of fuel, and crashed into the sea. Second choice: Same as above but instead of losing control of console, the pilots were incapacitated somehow, by fumes, of object hitting cockpit, they tried to maneuver to make emergency landing but died or passed out. no one could fly the plane or communicate on radio, so flew till fuel ran out. Both above scenarios would match the facts we know below. Fact 1: plane did a controlled flight change directly in path to the nearest airport where it could land. Fact 2: The plane was picked up and pinged by military radar 7.5 hours after takeoff. Fact 3 Fuel would only give it about 8 hours of flight. Conclusion, plane went down less than an hours flight time distance from last ping arc.
Rapid decompression or fire. Pilots tried to turn to nearest airport, passed out. The plane continue to fly for 7 hours right into the Indian Ocean. The End. No need to praise Allah. Maybe Occam's Razor. Thank that...
A media hoax! It's October 30, 1938 all over again!
I suspect it was the "second choice", but I think a fire on board is very likely.
A nearby black hole would suck in the entire earth, not entire universe. There are black holes out there, but the universe still exists.
I'm still trying to figure out who shot J.R.?
Guidance system failure, at that altitude it's not hard to loose track of where you are and end up someplace you are not meant to be, run out of fuel and you end up crashing. Hijacking is also a possibility, someone wanted something or someone on the plane, why use a second plane when they already have one? Just take it to a dump location take what you want and kill any witnesses. Black holes have massive gravity the closer you get the stronger it's forces in order to overcome the planes momentum, the earths own gravity, and many other factors it would have to be close enough to not only pull on the orbit of the moon but would have also been close enough to pull on the oceans, atmosphere, and planet itself changing all the orbits and draining large volumes of gas and liquid from our planet, if that were the case one missing plane would not be the concern.
Stuart, if you're so dedicated to your cause you're willing to kill everyone to kill one person, why not just fly it into the ground (or ocean), why wait for 6+ hours?
Preposterous, Someone must have watched to many episodes of Star Wars to come up with the black hole theory. But, I think that I will add my two cents to this list of ideas. I said in a post a few days ago that I believe the plane that disappeared is sitting in a hanger somewhere getting a new make over. This whole thing was carefully thought out by a group of people who may want to do harm to the US or to Israel. And with the help of a country, such as Pakistan or Iran, who sponsors terrorism around the world, this idea may not seem as far fetched as some might imagine. Forget the passengers on the plane, as they are most likely dead, and their bodies can be disposed of pretty easily and quietly. This particular plane was chosen because of the relaxed security at the Malaysian airport. And each step there after was carefully preplanned to give the world the false notion that the plane went down in the Indian ocean. Now, with the large jet liner safely in a hanger somewhere, new numbers and an entirely new makeover will hide it's identity. Now all they have to do is to rework the inside of the plane to make it possible to install a nuclear bomb and the disguised plane would have no problem delivering it's payload to it's destination. As a commercial airline it would not have to undergo the scrutiny of a military plane.....Just my thought.
Not a nuke just a dirty bomb and hijack another that this one will replace, ole bait and switch. Once that's done some fuzzy radio problems once they come back up on radar, divert somewhere or continue on original course, either way it could make a mess all along the way. I don't know but do planes have a radar id tracking number? How hard would it be to fake that? Well I just hope it could be one of the improbable sci fi plots, just to make life interesting. But if they were just returning our depleted uranium it would be somewhat interesting as well that they had the forethought of poetic justice in mind.
Up next? CNN will dedicate a full hour of discussion to the black hole theory along with expert commentators and 20 - 30 minutes of commercials.
I think they should give up the search. There are many world events in which the deceased are never found - 9/11, earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, adults and children who go missing and are never seen or heard from again. In all of these cases, families experience unbelievable agony just like those of the missing Malaysia plane. Seachers can only do so much before it becomes apparent that whatever is done is futile and puts others in danger. Many families have never had "closure". Often closure is an unrealistic possibility, and in this case, is looking more and more like that every day.
hey what if it were YOU on the plane ..would you want them to give up ?
Yeah spend the money now.....Even from U S A
easy for you to say "give up the search"... you don't have a loved one missing. I can assure you that if my child were ever missing hell nor high water would stop me from searching...EVER! its called LOVE. Much like the Japanese man that still searches the bottom of the ocean looking for his wife 3 years after the tsunami hit!
Well that Japanese man is looking alone. Not with the help of 25 countries. Those people are dead. Accept it and move on.
No I don't have a loved one missing, but like I said, millions of people are "missing" and millions of families are suffering because of it. I agree with Nate, they are dead and anyone who thinks they aren't is irrational. I don't want my family members who have passed to be dead either, but I have no choice but to accept it.
I told CNN this plane is sitting on a un- used southern Iranian runway 5 hours after the last transmission but the news media and the US gov dont want to hear this because all hell will break lose, Now Massad of Isreal say this 777 has Iranian Islamic hands all over it. saying its in the ocean 1500 miles off Austrailia is hidious, where was it heading the south pole?
Don Lemon is a moron masquerading as a journalist and gives his absurd theory on the disappearance of an aircraft. Sean Penn (and many more like him) is a moron masquerading as a philosopher who gives his views on politics. The sad part is too many Americans listen to these morons.
I believe in the supernatural, but did the supernatural shut down those controls on by one? I don't think so!
Of course it wasn't a black hole. I have done all the calculations using all the data released by the various involved agencies and governments and have determined that FOX news hired David Copperfield to make the plane vanish. Film @ 11.
I am a Christian but I have no reason to think God waved his hand and made this plane vanish. This anchor has a legitimate expert, someone who has investigated airline accidents, studied them... She is an actual EXPERT on the subject, not just an "expert"... And this is how he uses his air time? To bring this #$%$ up? You know why? It interests people to hear of bizarre stuff like that. CNNs ratings are actually doing well for the first time in a long time. When the plane is found, they'll still run stories on it for weeks, if not months. Almost zero new info has come out since the first 48 hours and they're still running tons of stories and using days of air time despite not actually having anything new to report.
Don Lemon your last name suits you because you are a lemon in more ways than one let's hope for your sake that you were joking because if not then your ready for a mental ward or SNL. The media hype is way overwhelming but they want it that way don't they a missing airliner filled with a bunch of chinese communists. The plane is in Pakistan and Al qaeda wants a trade all the passengers for the terror suspects that are curently being held at Guantanamo Bay by this government regime.These searches might aswell be a false flag or they really are like lemon suggests looking for a black hole over the ocean let's hope for our sake not the latter. Barry can sign his executive orders now declaring martial law during all this distraction that your media has provided infact he knows exactly where the plane is afterall his muslim brotherhood friends always come thru.
Has anyone ever counted your chromosomes?
Maybe it is time to relax and let nature run its course--everyone is too wrapped up in this mystery, it is becoming a bad unproductive distraction or diversion, we could be headed for war with Russia, we have a president that has done nothing except lie and spend over 6 trillion dollars, we have a horrible economy that could go south any time--no jobs, health care through the roof, cost of living through the roof--we need to start paying attention to what matters, and as much as this mystery is unsolved, were are failing as a country under corrupt, lying socialist incompetent leadership, suggestion, do not re-elect any incumbent liberal democrats that has been supporting Obama care and his progressive agenda--doesn't matter who is running,, do not be distracted with that--when needs to be done is to throw out the proven failures and give some one new a chance--it sure as hell can't hurt.. If the congress will not impeach Obama, then we can afford to let him get away with any more of his destructive plans--We went from a decent relationship[ with Russia and Putin to an all time low--and this is all on Obama's lap and watch--his decisions to overthrow nations and support radical terrorist that want power--It doesn't get any worse than that folks...
Why do you suppose yahoo & the Zionist MEDIA use these stories ?The missing plane,The Oscars, The BRACKETS , The kardashians , etc ? TO DISTRACT us ALL from the upcoming 2014 election ( Important STUFF ) ! And as November draws Nye THE STORIES WILL GET MORE REDICULOUS and MORE FREQUENT !
I agreed with you until you started spouting partisan #$%$. I am neither Republican or Democrat, and I agree that the *government*(read as: not just Obama and liberals) are corrupt. These other things *are* distractions. But you know what is probably the biggest distraction? Your views. Your partisanship. Your steady, unwavering belief in your morals, stoked into a frenzied passion by the conservative media, has turned you against the liberals in every way. Just as the liberal media has turned them against you. Now you hate one side and that side hates you, while the liberals and conservatives in Congress try to figure out how to exploit the country best: together. Sure, they disagree on certain issues. But they still managed to pass the ACA, didn't they? Think about it.
How obvious can it be that it was stolen? I've been saying this since it first disappeared. Any crash or explosion would have been messy & left clear signs. This is how people are now...they will not deduce anything. For example, in medicine Docs no longer trust the diagnostic skills they spent so much time in training to learn...instead, some high-radiation "scan" or the like is ordered for everybody with a symptom that walks in the door. Slight change of topic, but same principle.
So true, Brian. Even the French airplane that took 2 years to find, we found at least the wings first.
That giant sucking sound was Don Lemon's journalistic credibility and employment opportunities disappearing into a black hole.
The Pilot gets on the intercom and says, "The plane is going down and there is nothing I can do about it. God be with you all." The flight attendant begins to help people prepare for the crash. She walks past an older Jewish woman who is putting on all of her jewelry. She asks the woman, "What are you doing? Didn't you hear the plane is going to crash?" To which the old Jewish lady replied, "Why yes, I heard when a plane crashes there is a lot of looting and I want to know where my jewelry is at all times. The flight attendant said "Your Nuts" and continued on to help other passengers prepare. She came upon a young white girl putting on make up. The flight attendant said " What are you doing? Didn't you hear the plane is going to crash?" The young white girl said, "Why Yes. I heard when planes crash there is a lot of media and I want to look good for the cameras at all times." The flight attendant said, " You are a crack pot." She then continued on to help other passengers until she came upon a black woman taking off all her clothes. She said "What the heck are you doing? Didn't you hear the planes going to crash?" To which the black woman said, "Why yes. I heard that when a plane crashes , the first thing they look for is the black box. I'm going make sure they find this one!" (Too Soon?)
Now I know why Obama voters watch CNN...
Does this dummy even know what a black hole is? And he is an anchor for CNN. That alone should tell you the quality of the information CNN puts out. Pure trash.
Wow, they give reports of Aliens and UFO's, but as soon as someone mentions something of the "extra-ordinary" they throw their arms in the air. You can search all you want, if that plane was to be found, it wouldv'e already. But consider this, what if the plane isn't missing in space, but missing in time. What if the plane is sitting in a Museum somewhere? the way we go see old war planes at the Smithsonian. Maybe that plane it's more obvious than we think.
now we know the Americans have it if they're blaming black holes on CNN. I have it from quality mystics that the bermuda triangle is a blackhole that spits out the other side into the Indian ocean. Old ships/ planes lost in the triangle appear there where that plane was lost. Ipso facto it makes sense the same could happen in reverse even though its not the kind of blackhole or worm tunnel that you are familiar with. who exactly is the expert on worm holes, Einsteins dead? You could never put your finger on this thing in the first place. Langoliers. Could of course be an electrical fire and a plane crash. They will find out if there are other worlds than these.
This plane has been taken to another planet in another galaxy far far away.
This is why you shouldn't take things as fact just because figurehead on TV tells you their opinion. Too many people take Fox news verbatim and the same is true for those that blindly follow liberal media sources (then usually make fun of Fox viewers for doing the exact same thing they are.) These people (media, actors, politicians, musicians) are usually not more intelligent than you and are frequently terribly uninformed on what they are spewing as if they are an expert and they nearly always have an agenda they will skew evidence towards.
Who do us fox views turn to for our news? CNN or CNBC? Mu haha haha .....etc..etc..
I'm old enough to remember when the news reported the news not speculated on everything they have no clue about.
CNN has 24/7 coverage on this--they are suppose to be a news show--What about Russia CNN? This is a perfect distraction for Obama to keep peoples attention on this mystery and not on the issues, like a possible war breaking out--why are things so bad with Russia--they were pretty good when Obama took office--Clintons horrible work by pushing for the over throw of Egypt, then right on to Libya and she was working on Syria before "resigning"--The Russians were doing business with these countries, we do very little if any business with them but we chose to put those countries in total bedlam..--and yet, we are still pushing Putin's button--there is a breaking point to Putin, and I do not think our country is ready or willing to challenge them. We all feel for the victims and families of the missing jetliner, but for some reason no one can find that missing B777. one of the most advanced and reliable commercial airplanes in the world--We need to focus on some of these other issues as well..
Right about ceaseless CNN coverage, wrong about everything else. I'm guessing you think FOX News is "real" journalism. LOL....
Where does CNN find these idiots?
The are brocasting to their peers.
And people wonder why CNN is SO BAD! Seriously?
Careful MrCnn, one of your Democratic politicians in Texas, just this week, said that a "black hole" is a RACISTs comment, and should NOT be used!! Well, all this after a REPUBLICAN said (who was white) that, and don't quote this, but was referring to paper work being lost and misplaced all the time at a particular Govnt building and said "its like a black hole over there, nothing gets done"! At that point, the democrat, which was African-American, said that it was a racist statement and the republican was out of line for saying that! My question is, HOW IN THE HELL does a Democratic politician get elected and NOT know what a black hole is????? LOW INFORMATION voters, for LOW INFORMATION elected official......the BLIND leading the BLIND!!!
Lemon is named well, because he is certainly as the "Rambler", and perhaps even an "Audi". Every time I see his smug, overly confident, demeaning self; I switch the channel. There are other good anchors, much better, he seems to think CNN was created for him and he is so brilliant and beautiful that we should just watch to be amazed by him. I am amazed all right, I am amazed he has lasted this long. I will watch anywhere but there. Too bad the black hole took the airliner, it could have done some real good at CNN.
Is CNN still attempting to imitate intellectual unbiased journalism?
Actually... Anyone who reads up on quantum physics knows it is possible, just not probable.
I sincerely hope this guy is being sarcastic, or giving a poor attempt at humor. If not he needs to be fired for not researching his theory before opening his mouth. Clearly, if a black hole was close enough to earth to suck up a jet, the earth would be in the process of being torn apart right now. ... and we are supposed to take what today's press says seriously? Surely he didn't pay attention during science classes.. and he must know he didn't pay attention in his science classes, so he should be smart enough to not open his mouth about a science subject. He must be a product of the quota system, or has a lousy sense of humor.
oh, and by the way, knucklehead.... black holes are NOT supernatural. geez, how do these people keep their jobs?
Or he was reading a tweet and then calling the theory preposterous right after reading it.... Too many damn people don't watch videos before commenting...
I would agree with you, except for one little bit of what he said..... '....BUT IS IT PREPOSTEROUS, DO YOU THINK, MARY?" Why would he need confirmation?
Because that's the script he was given to read? You think these anchors actually write any of their own material?
What does the "quota system" have to do with anything Robert? I work in the media in Atlanta (CNN's HQ). I have many good friends at CNN and can tell you without a doubt, there is no "quota system" in effect there. Have you ever even seen Don Lemon's work prior to this short video? Instead of blaming the fact that perhaps this man has a better job than you on "white pity", consider the fact that this man may have worked HARDER than you to make something of himself. Maybe he was hired entirely on his merits (like I'm "sure" you were at your job). Don't even try to pretend that your snarky remark was not racist (no one this side of George W is that stupid!). Former governor and almost-VP Sarah Palin can "see Russia" from her home", VP Dan Quayle misspells "potato", Senator McCain didn't know how to use the internet in 2008. All made stupid statements. All are white. Did they get their jobs on the "quota system" too? Or is it just all that black people not working at Popeye's chicken are unqualified and got their jobs because of a "quota system"? If the "quota system" is "obligatory", why no black anchors at FOX news? Maybe the law doesn't apply to them like at CNN? The more i think about your stupid remark, the more I think you got YOUR job (if you have one) on the quota system! No employer could possibly hire anybody as dumb as you! And by the way, in the newsroom Producer's write the copy for the news, NOT the Anchors. Lemon clearly asked (or implied) that the idea was "preposterous". So go push your lazy, hateful, excuse-ridden, hypocritical agenda elsewhere to justify your lack of accomplishment!
What does the "quota system" have to do with anything Gregory? I work in the media in Atlanta (CNN's HQ). I have many good friends at CNN and can tell you without a doubt, there is no "quota system" in effect there. Have you ever even seen Don Lemon's work prior to this short video? Instead of blaming the fact that perhaps this man has a better job than you on "white pity", consider the fact that this man may have worked HARDER than you to make something of himself. Maybe he was hired entirely on his merits (like I'm "sure" you were at your job). Don't even try to pretend that your snarky remark was not racist (no one this side of George W is that stupid!). Former governor and almost-VP Sarah Palin can "see Russia" from her home", VP Dan Quayle misspells "potato", Senator McCain didn't know how to use the internet in 2008. All made stupid statements. All are white. Did they get their jobs on the "quota system" too? Or is it just all that black people not working at Popeye's chicken are unqualified and got their jobs because of a "quota system"? If the "quota system" is "obligatory", why no black anchors at FOX news? Maybe the law doesn't apply to them like at CNN? The more i think about your stupid remark, the more I think you got YOUR job (if you have one) on the quota system! No employer could possibly hire anybody as dumb as you! And by the way, in the newsroom Producer's write the copy for the news, NOT the Anchors. Lemon clearly asked (or implied) that the idea was "preposterous". So go push your lazy, hateful, excuse-ridden, hypocritical agenda elsewhere to justify your lack of accomplishment!
@scott m I don't think it was script. There were too many unnecessary utterances. In my opinion, most people don't say "uhh" when they're reading word for word. However I do think that he was given notes or an outline of what to cover during that segment of the show. @Robert He didn't need conformation. Those people that were on the screen were on there for a reason and it wasn't just to sit there and look pretty. He wanted to engage someone else on the topic and to see what someone else had to say about it. If not, then they wouldn't be there in the first place. Also I think that you should watch the video first. If I'm not mistaken I believe he was just stating what a lot of people are saying now.
a plane going off course in this day and age of terrorism is not possible what with the Malays radar Indonesian radar Indian Radar fighter bases and spy satellites google earth and awacs and every other junk monitoring us we don't know where this plane went really hahahahaha guess the media is really stupid well I am not Ok the blips and black box will send a ping out that every plane around will hear as they all listen out worldwide and this would have been heard and the planes scrambled asap I am appalled at the lack of anything told there are planes monitoring Afghanistan Pakistan India Indonesia Malaysia Thailand I am sorry to say this plane was diverted to Africa or Madagascar on a legal flight plan and is there somewhere in the deserts or jungle remote areas this Pilot could have practice short field landing and this plane hidden for future use and ransoms hahahah well I know OK you suckers don't believe the media they are all bull liars xxxxxxxxx love you all
Thumbs up for the most excellent avatar photo. 8-)~
I guess the fact that there wasn't enough fuel to fly as far as Madagascar or the African mainland makes no dent in your theory?
It's one of the most remote places on earth.......and deepest. If a black hole could indeed do that it would have happened before but it hasn't so it didn't. And the Bermuda Triangle is the area that most planes of the era would run out of fuel therefore causing them to crash and therefore causing people to suggest absurd and idiotic things like black holes and other supernatural theories. I had my car with gps and onstar stolen in broad daylight within a 3 minute window and was never seen or found but I'm willing to bet a black hole didn't suck up and vaporize my truck.
Ah, thanks for sharing your story but I believe the article already addressed the issues you just fumbled
It is one of the remotest places on earth, and also the best spot to make a downed airliners totally disappear. South of the 40th parallel are the "roaring forties", well-known to mariners as a place of storms and high seas, immense waves, strong westerly currents, and an incessant westerly wind. If you wanted to make an airplane vanish, the best thing to do would be to fly it due south from the last check point in the Andaman sea and right into the roaring forties.
Do you, them, or anyone else for that matter have the brains to understand the difference between a worm hole, and a black hole?? I love how you nobodies love to comment on things you know nothing about, you couldn't possibly understand physics/worm holes, so how could you understand this issue? Those planes and such that disappeared over the Bermuda triangle were never found you numb skull, they disappeared with out any trace!!! You obviously know nothing...like most people. Oh and another thing, this story is like beating a dead horse, all the issues in the world, and these lame stream idiot media outlets who push the political agenda of the elite focus on this? Does anyone find it odd???
Uh, the 'Roaring Forties' refer to the high Southern latitudes. The Andaman Sea is around 10 degrees NORTH latitude, so you're "right into the roaring forties" is almost a sixth of the way around the planet and would take some doing. Also, once you got there, where would you land? Tierra del Fuego is on the other side of the planet again...If you just want to crash or ditch the plane, the Indian Ocean makes a lot more sense.
There were some witnesses saw the plane flew so low, therefore I can say with 90% sure that it crashed Into the ocean without breaking into pieces, right its in some deep area which it hard for radar to find it.
ok, why not just say the Langoliers took the plane and now they are the "new people" in another time dimension. come on! there is way too much media hype on this, it's getting ridiculous. we are not going to ever fully know what happened until the plane is found, and when that may be...??? news agencies should back off for a bit, the families of the missing are seeing all this crapolla and I'm sure it's just adding fuel to their wounds, let the proper agencies handle this and stop the speculating and the theories from coming out. the only thing we should be doing is hoping and praying (if that's your thing) that these poor souls are out there somewhere, and if not, bless them and their families.
Or maybe they woke up in Willoughby!
Lol, I was fishing off the coast of Australia in my Cajun pirogue for great white when I thought I saw a great big spaceship swoop down and swallow a large passenger jet that could be the missing plane everyone is searching for. I didn't say anything about the sighting at the time because I didn't think people would believe me at the time. But seeing someone's theory of a black hole refreshed my memory somewhat that it could have been just that...black hole..
You are correct, I remember it as well.
Until the wreckage is found, Theories of alien abduction abound. Divine intervention is sure to get a mention. Ambiguity brings out the clowns.
Or maybe the aliens teleported it to the mother ship. Come on. The ocean is a very big place. It would be amazing and wonderful if these people are safe somewhere, but the heartbreaking reality is that they are probably deceased at the bottom of the ocean or perhaps in some area of remote wilderness. Stories like this do nothing but yank the poor, grieving family members around even worse.
Yes, it was definitely a black hole, that upon swallowing the plane, decided it was full and decided not to ingest the whole planet. Is my sarcasm font working?
Yes, of course, that would explain Amelia Earhart's missing plane! You're a real Lemon Don!
Well apparently the Obama Cool Aid has struck CNN once again!! Why even ask the question?? I did enjoy Schiavo's reply though! No, this little episode into fantasy had noting to do with Odummy, but he viewers who sent in the question and and then Lemon actually repeating it to a former Inspector General of the U.S. Transportation Department, reminds me of all of the Obama bed time stories in fairyland that have become oh so popular among the Cool Aid Drinking crowd!! What an idiot!!
Dom Lemon should take his spray on hair and his bat sh1It theories to a place like MSNBC where they encourage dishonest and irresponsible reporting on a daily basis.
You got Fox news and cnn mixed up!! LOL
...or the FOX network and blame everything on Democrats and liberals.
LOL, no I didn't dip sh1lIt
Fact: FOX dominates the rating in every key demographic including with liberal views. FOX has more liberal guests than conservative ones because they like to debate with a sparring partner, hence the phrase Fair & Balanced. But you fxckin idiots wouldn't know that because the only stuff you think you know about FOX is from what you hear on MSNBC, Bill Maher or Media Matters. Don Lemon is losing CNN's credibility by the minute with reporting like this and MSNBC never had any credibility because the entire network is filled with journalistic cowards that are afraid to debate oppossing points of view. Their groupthink propaganda format is unwatchable. The ratings and the facts don't lie.
Mary Schiavo is known as Scary Mary to those of us in aviation because of her complete lack of knowledge about science in general and aviation in particular. I don't know why the networks still use her as an "expert" commentator. Besides, I've said all along that the Langoliers got it.
This boy needs a job he is qualified for! Like Walmart
Don't you people see!!! FOX is controlling the black holes!!! Or is it MSNBC? I always forget which political arm of the press I'm supposed to blame.
Apparently it's the same black hole that sucked this guy's brain out of his cranial cavity! Seriously? CNN is really scraping to get those ratings up. I'm sure MSBNC will come up with something in the next day or two that will have legs tingling everywhere...
The plane could of landed safely in Beijing as intended AND was hijacked.eventually ended up elsewhere. What if a black hole were involved and the plane got stuck in limbo between two multiverse possibilities. So the pilot gave the OK in our universe while being hijacked in the other. We see a plane turned around and vanish because the plane was intended to land in Beijing in our universe but that didn't happen because we are stuck seeing the two different outcomes of the fate of the plane at the same time.........a hijacked plane that was not hijacked. It can't be interpreted so the plane is in two places at once without being anywhere.
LOL had to give a thumbs up on this one
A black hole? Really? Looks like someone needs to learn about basic science and physics and that other thing called reality!
Yup. A black hole called the ocean.
Derek..I'd shake your had if I could...that was awesome
This guy has to be related to the Congressman that thought the island of Guam was going to tip over because it had too many people on it.
I remember that.....that is much more plausible than a black hole taking the plane....lol
Read the article..He was reading tweets this is not his ideas. He was merely trying to fill time.
or related to the person who thought a black hole was a racist statement LOL ppl are stupid & get elected
Perfect analogy, thank you for your reminder!
So you mean it WOULDN'T tip over???
CNN is now and always will be a sophomoric organization with unintelligent people like Don Lemon, Gloria Borgia and et al. Whether it be the presentation and analysis of standard news items, the presentation of geopolitical news or the presentation of domestic politics, the staff of FOX and their contributors, both liberal and conservative members, are among the most well educated, most experienced, most intelligent and easy to listen to among all those on any other cable or standard channels. Hands down. And, as mentioned, FOX ALWAYS includes those on both sides of a domestic political issue on their panels, which allows for a balanced and informative presentation. Included are players from the Obama and Clinton administrations, democrat strategists and pollsters, liberal talk show hosts and liberal TV news hosts and print media. Again, no other cables or TV outlet can compare. If you haven't seen any of them, then don't bother the hateful criticism.
Or Senator Ted Stevens who thought "an internet" was an email message and the internet itself consisted of a "series of tubes". This would have been funny if Stevens weren't the Senate author of a broadband and communications bill, something he obviously knew nothing about.
Dude, Guam does not fit the description, but in case you are interested, there are actually well known small islands far out in the ocean that sit on top of spires thousands of feet high that arise from the sea floor, i think from volcanic activity. they have beach areas that drop off very suddenly into thousands of feet of water on all sides. if an island was going to tip over it would possibly be an island like that. still, the comment about guam tipping over is pretty stupid.
had to be a liberal demo-nut
or Barrack Obama that claimed that it was America that invented the automobile which is why we needed to bail out GM.
If you have nothing to say during the news, say nothing. Just filling the time. Lame excuse.
if Obama said it,it must be true, or you're a racist
That's hilarious and sad at the same time.
Richard, that's really no different than the clown car full of these idiots that wrote Obamacare, is it?
During a House Armed Services Committee hearing on March 25, 2010 concerning the U.S. military installation on the island of Guam, Johnson said to Admiral Robert F. Willard, Commander of U.S. Pacific Command, "My fear is that the whole island will become so overly populated that it will tip over and capsize", to which Admiral Willard replied, "We don't anticipate that". Johnson's office later said Johnson "is simply a tremendous deadpan" and that he was using a facetious metaphor.
Troll alert: I said, "or Barrack Obama that claimed that it was America that invented the automobile which is why we needed to bail out GM.", which is hard fact, and got 3 lib thumb downs. F'ing zombies.
"...but,,,,,,are they homies?..." There is only one homey and his wife has blue hair. Tall blue hair.
The US has become such a stupid country. And it is not even funny anymore.
In other news, the Reverend Al Sharpton is leading a march in protest of the word Black in Black Hole.
yes don't look in the sea you morons this plane is on land some where the Pilot practiced short field landings all over the world and made another flight plan and took another planes ID and flew it to Africa etc and landed there This plane is no w held and the pax I hope OK and we will soon hear about it This plane will be found what with all the technology today don't try to tell me other wise as I am not stupid just a nice girl heheheheh
Well, no. A black hole, even a super massive black hole, would not suck in the entire universe. It wouldn't even suck in a galaxy as it is theorized that most if not all galaxies have a super massive black hole at their center. But if even a low mass black hole were to suddenly appear at 35000 feet above sea level it would definitely suck in a nearby 777... Along with all the earth's atmosphere, water, dirt, life, then the moon, the other planets, in our solar system, etc.
Maybe not... We don't know just how long a black hole will stick around... If indeed a black hole did appear and suck up Flight 370 and they tried to fight going in... But, lost the battle at entrance... Is it possible that that the plane also exploded inside the black hole causing it to disperse and vanish like it was never there...??? Could that be a scenario also...??? I never give up on what is scientific and unexplainable...!!!
But, I am grasping at the fact that what has been seen by satellite in the Indian Ocean may be parts of Flight 370 and all of this can finally come to end and we can back to kicking Putin's #$%$..!!!
It could suck all Malaysians' brown #$%$ whole.
Luke: Black Holes are not massless, and chances are if an airplane exploded near a black hole, its density would be so great, it wouldn't even be affected by it, let alone the gravitational distortion protecting its structure. Yes, even a "small one".
Glad to know that we have a scientific expert posting on these comments. Thank you for gracing us with your knowledge.
the only black hole that could suck it in would belong to oprah
theworld, Im Not an expert. Dont claim to be. But I do know how to read and comprehend, I paid attention in science class, and, I have at least some common sense. The "universe" is everything we know. All the planets within all the star systems, within all the galaxies. If a black hole could suck in the entire universe, then how is it that we have all but proven that black holes do exist, yet we are still here. Our very existence refutes Ms. Schiavo's conclusion. Perhaps she meant to say "planet", or "solar system", either of which would be accurate, but "universe" is not. So I say with a degree of sarcasm equal to yours, "You're welcome"
What happened to smart reporters and intelligent reporting? Black hole? Really?
Black holes are not going to suck in the whole universe. But we are now entering the Twilight Zone region of explanations for the disappearance of the plane. As Sherlock Holmes said (sort of because i don't exactly remember) "once you have eliminated all the possibilities whatever remains must be the explanation." We haven't ruled out black holes, aliens even illegal ones yet but if we ever find out it will be more mundane than those exotic hypotheses. i really hope it landed somewhere and the passengers and crew are stillalive but they also may be in North Korea or some place equally as unappealing.
Maybe the plane went through the event horizon and is now in another dimension.
Clearly someone didn't watch the final episode of LOST...
CNN... reporting NEWS?? or trying to make it? Seriously everything is just speculation until wreckage is found and pieces of puzzle are put together.
So much anti-science and pseudo-scientific conspiracy nonsense! Seriously, do you people have no understanding of just how big this planet is and how much water and land we've not explored or are not inhabited? Losing an airplane is like losing a grain of sand on the beach. Yes, I know this makes you feel "Small" and thus you must give into magical thinking in order to stop the discomfort of confronting reality, but GIVE IT A REST... If these mentally ill people spent 1/100th the time, effort, and resources that they put into their magical thinking into something productive like THERAPY, we'd be colonizing Mars by now rather than building another Scientology Center, Aroma Therapy Dog Spa, or Church/Mosque/Temple. STOP IT! YOU'RE HURTING THE SPECIES!
Dude, it flew into a time portal
As Barak plunges us into a new Cold War if not ww3, remember; it's Bush's fault and you're a racist.
CNN (Communist News Network) is what brainwashed idiots into voting for Obama twice.
With all the money being spent in this search and just in everyday plane travel why can't they add to their arsenal of protection streaming data recording so there might not be such a major need to find that little black box?
Good for you Don. You went off script, thank goodness. This whole investigation is BS. They will never find that plane and the government complicit in it's disappearance. Governments around the world know of the existence of Aliens and they also know that people have been abducted with the blessing of the government in return for help with technology from aliens. It was only supposed to be a few people here and there but now more and more people have gone missing. The Government will continue to make up excuses for the disappearance of this plane until they find an explanation that the public will except. I am glad to see so much media coverage but I am saddened that it is so scripted. They are all afraid to ask the tough questions. Even when people see something with their own eyes they except the BS explanation of the government. One of the biggest sightings of a UFO was the Battle Of LA. Google it!!!!! It occurred in the forties. A flying saucer was spotted over LA and was seen by thousands. Military vessels fired hundreds of rounds at this object and many people were killed by artillery fire. The saucer simply flew away. Even though thousands of people saw the spaceship and our own military fired at it and the whole event was caught on camera by the media the government came out the next day and said it was a weather balloon. They know this plane was abducted by aliens. Every time I make a post on this subject I am ridiculed. I don't care because I know what I am talking about. Tell me where do you think the plane is? How do you explain it's disappearance? Does any of the explanations the media and the government has given us make any sense.
Any explaination sounds more plausible than UFO's. You're telling me that an alien race with technology to cross light years of space and wants to remain unnoticed here would do all sorts of dumb stuff like this? That's implausible.
I think it is time for the media to stop jumping on everything little thing they think might be. Let the powers that be check this stuff out first and then tell us. Can you imagine those poor families having to go through this stuff. The media has told us once before they may have found something and it turned out to be nothing. Story upon story. Let's just sticks to the facts, of which there are not many, and help these poor families through this terrible ordeal.
@Kathy, we, the people of the world, are "the powers that be". I say down with elitism, we need to all stand together to figure out what has happened to MH 370!
Kathy, I agree! I said the same thing last week!
Maybe it's the Rapture, and all the righteous people were aboard that plane.
Good one! Of course, those who claim to be righteous will still torture the rest of us.
Michelle Obozo probably spread her legs open wide and the 777 flew right into the blackest hole imaginable...
If we could hook up a large tube to that black hole it would be the ultimate central vac system!!! You could have smaller tubes coming off like a giant hooka for added convenience and versatility. We could clean out landfills and poisoned seas and never have to empty the bag!
"Wall-to-wall coverage of the missing plane has given CNN a series of wins over Fox News in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic coveted by advertisers." Yay o' yay o'. But, I swear viewers tune out the ads. Well, as long as ya sell a tv spot, I guess revenue is revenue. But, its such an ineffective promotion tactic.
It was sucked into Uranus. And I don't mean the planet.
With all the different theories I'm surprised I haven't seen one about the huge space ship with a tractor beam pulling it in! Maybe when they get done polking and probing, and examining the 777 they will set it right back where they got it!
Who is worse, Don Lemon for bringing up, or Dylan Stableford for regurgitating it?
They might show back up in 2075 not having aged a day. If so, a 105 year-old Barack Obama will want the Americans to pay their back taxes, interest, and penalties.
Don Lemon's theories or those of his viewers were denigrated by an assortment of expert guests. Yet the black hole and Bermuda triangle theory were at least based on physical entities and not supernatural darts thrown to the wind. Even the lost scenario was based, according to the show's creators, as originally simply a plane crash. They were childish darts to be sure but he wisely refrained from discussing goblins. So, acknowledging that Don Lemon is not the brightest bulb in the room, what's the accepted protocol when to roll out the absolutely off the wall card? Or can we use some good old fashioned post-medieval thinking to explain the unexplainable or at least difficult to explain by first gathering facts, analyzing data, developing hypotheses, testing those theories and arriving at the most reasonable conclusion (using Old Bill Occam's method of succinctness)? Or isn't what the media wants?
The media wants ratings, the quest for truth went out of style in the 90s.
@ woody3691: Can you explain it... Tell us what happened to Flight 370... Where is it...??? It wasn't Don Lemon's idea... It was other people's ideas and Don followed up on it... And he did a Damn Good Job...!!!
Actually if you think about it... Many planes and ships have disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle... Like some other kind of dimension in time... It's actually possible that the Pilot saw something and that's why the plane turned... But, it was too late... Maybe it got caught up in some kind of wormhole or time warp or ripped through an Aurora Borealis flew back in time or flew into the future...!!! Simple theories aren't stupid... They could be somehow helpful... Scientists have been studying such things for years and finally it may have happened... No one knows yet what happened to that plane and how it just disappeared into thin air... Where did it go...??? Who has an answer...???
@ woody3691: Do you have the answer... If you do... Go to CNN and apply for the job as a News Anchor and tell the world your answer... It will pop up on Yahoo News and we can comment on it just you commented on Don Lemon... We will dump on you so badly... You will look like the dirt you tried to make Don look like...!!!
Nice try there woody... Guess you ain't feeling so woody any more... Did you shrink somewhere cause the world wants to know so we can comment on that...!!!
After reading all these news I can say with 90% that because the Pilot flew the airplane so low it crashed without breaking into pieces, and now at a deep area in the ocean ! ( eye witnesses saw the plane flew very low )
But, how did eye witnesses see a plane so far from land...??? They had to have had bionic eyes like the Six Million Dollar Man...!!! I don't know what to think about that... If these eye witnesses came from Malaysia, then I wouldn't believe a word of it...!!! If the plane turned like they said and flew back over land under the radar... Then I can see them seeing something... But, was it Flight 370 they saw...??? That is the question and are they positive it was Flight 370...??? I am hearing that there were other planes in the area as well flying at the same level at some point in time...!!! The eye witnesses cannot be 100% positive it was actually Flight 370 that they saw... Sorry I just can't believe that...!!!
Luke, you want a reasonable explanation? There was a fire onboard the aircraft. As a result of the fire, either there was an electrical short that threw the circuit breakers shutting down some of the electronics (including the radio and transponder) or the pilots intentionally threw the circuit breakers to avoid further problems and help fight the fire. They changed course to what they felt was their best option for an emergency landing. By the time they started to get near the airport they had died from smoke inhalation which could happen even if they were wearing oxygen masks. The aircraft continued flying, southward either because of the autopilot or because of natural stability. Eventually they ran out of fuel and plunged into the Indian ocean. Everybody dead -- probably while the aircraft was still flying. Eyewitness reports are notoriously inaccurate. Regarding flying "low", they may have been trying to descend since they were planning to come in for a landing.
@Luke LeBeef If you read my comment again, I wasn't deriding Don Lemon's comment or those proposed by viewers. All of those viewer suggestions had a physical cause. I commend them for that. The 'experts' who contribute opinions on the show derided those suggestions, not me. Using Occam's razor rationale, I merely suggested that those suggestions were probably least likely causes of the disappearance of the plane. I even commended Don Lemon for not suggestion a supernatural cause of the disappearance of the plane. I would like to suggest you take a course in reading comprehension because my few sentences apparently confused you.
You need stupid people with stupid ideas to keep the attention of even more stupid people!
well this CERTAINLY PROVES you don't have to be smart to be a talking head.
Well I guess Ron Burgundy has something. I think Mr. Lemon should change his name to Don Lame One.
Yellow Journalism at its worst. Don Lemon is a joke as a major broadcast channel host, just making their quota I guess. He is much too inexperienced and immature (and IMHO opinionated) to present the news professionally and objectively. On the other hand, Wolf is too old and senile to meet that standard as well. Overall, I think CNN's quality has dropped dramatically in the last few years, they try too hard to create and interpret the facts, considering us all dummies. Time to move on, but where to, Fox? A fate worse than death. All's left is MSNBC, better, but no by much.
The few people who still watch MSNBC are clinically brain dead.
Maybe by accident they hit the reverse thrusters and sucked the whole plane into the engines. I say that on a cartoon once, it was devastating!
Omg, enough is enough - stop putting false hopes into the pore families waiting for closure! As this discovery process could take a day or could take years or maybe never completely solved - it is natural to look for closure to mysteries but out of respect for those who perished and their loved ones, enough of these stupid theories. Even Rupert should stop with your dumb theories too, you need think about that stupid ex wife of yours rather than make dumb tweets.
Well, if by some outside wild chance that plane flew over my current job, well, that is by definition a career black hole so it also swallowing up a 777 is certainly a plausible theory.
The Pakistan stuff was fed by Fox News. No surprise!
CNN IS OUT OF CONTROL WITH ALL THIS COVERAGE . NOBODY KNOWS ANYTHING ! YOU WOULD THINK NOTHING ELSE IMPORTANT IS GOING ON IN THE WORLD . THEN AGAIN WHEN YOUR WHOLE NETWORK IS BASED ON RATINGS AND NOT FACTUAL NEWS REPORTS , THIS IS WHAT THEY PUT OUT HOUR AFTER HOUR. THIS DUDE IS A COMPLETE FOOL FOR EVEN READING SUCH NONSENSE.
A black hole 11 cm across could consume our solar system. But Our entire universe? That just as ridiculous as the the idea that a black hole swallowed the plane.
YOu dont know #$%$ EINSTIEN ! Black hole, worm hole its all theory too!
I just find it interesting that CNN being the Liberal Hypocrites they are who have a well documented history of calling down and shouting down people who have a different point of view about the Liberal Demoncrats in Washington who CNN leaders even get invited to $Million dollar Parties at the White House and boo hooing everyone who does not support Obama and his Leftist Dictatroship by saying their all conspiracy theories is spending so my much on this..but the real reason is the bottom line, at a last report I saw a couple of weeks ago CNN averaged 245,000 viewers. They completely lost some 3 - 4 million viewers supporting Obama, and his hordes of Demoncrats, with the public up in arms about Obama and his hordes of #$%$, they just more sneakier about it like PBS is. All the Liberal supporting Stations are switching their anti- stratgery after losing millions of viewers, they need money to support all those low life Demoncrats running for re-election so like PBS they all of a sudden have become so "Friendly" meaning trying to fool the Public,,just like AARP, .So when they get hold of even one story that more than 245,000 people tune in for,,they are jumping on it with both feet...They are desperate for viewers and so desperate they pull this stunt of 24 hour coverage....Just being sneaky about thier real intentions...But here is my theory,,,Islamic hijackers hijacked the plane and have forced it to land at one of the Old abandoned WWII airstrips somewhere in Malaysia. I remmeber something like over 100 of them of which most are overgrown so maybe a Satelite Fly Over will reveal almost nothing. They have either murdered all the people on the plane or are asking for billions of dollars and the release of all Islamic Prisoners about the world..The are also probably turning the plane into a huge bomb similar to 9/11. Obama's non-combatant Admirals and Air Farce Generals are fighting over who gets to send what Unit, Obama does not want the Marines because it is well known the Marines hate his guts for being a weenie boy, that is why we see so many SEAL Teams incidents and Air Farce Special Units being selected by Obama. Obama's teleprompter writers are on vacation so he cannot give an addres to the Media. Their also fighting who gets to sit at the head of the table in the Situration Room, last time it was an Air Farce General and this time the Admirals want it, it is only fair,,Obama will take his usuall seat in the corner out of the way..When right now what they need is Marine Recon, 1st MEU and some backup from the 101st Airborne. I say they know exactly where that plane is and are just doing the RECON on the site to see what they are dealing with, which takes anywhere from 1 week to 15 days depending on how well the enemies secruity is....Plus CNN in my Opinion is a Islam Supporter here in the States via that guy out of Chicago. Visit CNN in Atlanta and take a good look up and around and you'll see what I mean....
Bob Dylan - Desolation Row,, "And Ezra Pound and T.S. Elliot, their fighting in the Captain tower, while Calpso singers laugh at them and fisherman hold flowers".. I have no respect for Dylan now or the current Dylan, but all his songs from the 60's apply to our government and President right now....Meanwhile he Obama bless him and allowed him to kiss his ring...Dylan the traitor..
what about a country making a new weapon that was capable of zapping planes out of the air?
The black hole was getting ready for her China trip (3rd vaca this year on our dime) so I seriously doubt the black hole had time to make a plane vanish.
All this sensational (as in sensationalism, not a compliment) coverage of the disappearance reminds me of those specials in which you are made to believe that someone has found Bigfoot or the true killer of JFK, but in the end you actually learn nothing new..score that as a win for the Classy News Network
CNN as usual is so far from reality. Get a grip CNN
If Godzilla had a gay wedding with the Loch Ness Monster and the lovely couple decided to honeymoon in the Indian Ocean could they have been involved in the lost flight?
The correct people know where this jet is and what took place....it's a smokescreen to keep us occupied and not notice what's happening elsewhere...read between the lines, study the pictures and videos you see closely...who was on that jet that had vital information or knowledge...shot down is a possibility that may never be revealed,, Think about it..with all the satellites, naval subs and ships, high tech surveillance aircraft that exists today and we are being told that a large jet or debris can't be found??? yea, right... we believe anything...
It's pretty obvious that YOU will believe anything, no matter how ridiculous.
He's a journalist - back in the day, we all respected their views and opinions. Not no more.
A black hole will not suck in our entire universe you idiot. There is a pretty nice sized one in the middle of our own galaxy.
T have heard from a radio show that oftentimes, air traffic controllers turn off the radar, for whatever reason, in these island countries. This may be common knowledge among terrorists who may have taken advantage of this and highjacked the plane. I don't know if this is plausible or even likely, but it may explain what happened.
What OBVIOUSLY happened is they went through a magic cloud of unicorn farts and were transported back to the time before time... This is obviously what happened, so why would anyone think otherwise!?
good god do we really have people in these high positions that believe in such mumboo jubo. there is one and only one answer and that is that this aircraft has gone somewhere and we need to find it
Why would anyone give those idiot Malaysians a hydrophone? How would they know how to use it? Been pretty fair and non-religious, no racial bigotry to any of my comments over years BUT no way I'd give whoever is in charge of that country,that's been leading this investigation, anything of any value.
Google Earth "cocos islands" where you will see a runway on the left side of the island (very beautiful island, BTW). The runway is close to 10,000 feet. #370 needs 6,000 to land . . . just saying . . . I will eat my words if the jet is in the water. I believe it's on one of these islands. Why would the Capt. practice landing on runways in the Indian Ocean on his simulator? Has ANYONE looked at this island or others in the area???
really interesting theory. But when did you hear the pilot practiced landing in the indian ocean?
flamesbite, there was a news story about it last week, I think. The pilot's home was searched and they found several simulations for landing in the Indian Ocean. It could be nothing more than a typical precaution, though. It's good for pilots to be prepared for the worst.
You Right!! I thought about this island..but everyone else and CNN is talking about other stuff! I would think if the plane flew in this direction..the cocos islands would have picked up on radar!! but this is a good place to hide a jet of that size..
flamesbite - When you have a pilot such as this one who flies routes over the open ocean, it would weird NOT to find water landing scenarios on his simulator, especially after the wonderful example of US Airways pilot Chesley Sullenberger. I bet nearly every airliner pilot on Earth practiced the same thing on flight simulators.
@USA are you just being funny? You do know that no one said that, right?
And not too far away is the British/US military base Diego Garcia.
Dotty, I'm certain that if the plane could have landed on the Cocos (Keeling) Islands, the Australian Navy might have thought about it (as it is a territory of theirs)... not everyone is stupid. By the way, eating your words taste better with a little salt and pepper.
Maybe its on an island with mystical powers and a black smoke monster?
What a joke. How about checking your sources?
Most people forget that not only a plane is missing but 200 plus passangers is also missing. 46 % of people believe the plane was stolen for future terrorist attack, maybe you can tell us your theory of the passangers. There's three possibilities, 1. All killed, 2. Kept as hostages, 3. Kept to use for future terrorist plan. Either way until the plane is found or there's contact from the terrorist we shouldn't assumed the worst.
If it was landed in the ocean it would be mostly intact. If it was crashed into the ocean on purpose, it would be almost disintegrated, just like crashing it into land, but then the ocean takes over and sinks whatever sinks, and spreads out whatever floats. anything that could be eaten by ocean life would be eaten. After 14 days it would be hard to find a trace of a purposely crashed aircraft in an Ocean. even a day or two later, stuff is spread out nicely. Sorry but it's truth. They can look into other theories, but most likely, there was either a catastrophic mechanical failure, or the pilot went suicidal and took everyone with him, and the actions of the pilot make it appear that suicide is the more likely answer. Just google searching "plane crash site" images and you can clearly see the difference between landed crashed planes, and planes that crashed uncontrolled by the pilots.
the only black hole around is the one that sucked in don lemon's brain, why not keep the news for news instead of rank and childish guesses, and outlandish theories.
There are only three logical possibilities: It was stolen, crashed, or shot down. No supernatural mystery there. Terrorism, accident, or military are the only explanations we should be spending any effort on pursuing. This is just a distractory tactic to divert attention from the seriousness of any of the REAL causes. Terrorists, hijacked, pilot involvement, pilot error, plane malfunction, and military aggression are all much more threatening realities that potentially effect all of us in a harmful way. These silly diversions are simply smoke and mirrors to get the severity of REALITY away from the masses. The real fear here is that there is no answer... and CNN can't possibly report on NOTHING!! So they CREATE ridiculous stories just to have something to talk about - now that's the real crime here. Something real happened to those people and something real is paining their families - stop insulting them by making up fantasy stories just to have something to take about them with. If there is no news - then just say that. If people are disillusioned enough to be SERIOUSLY considering these "supernatural' possibilities or if they are just being disrespectful, sarcastic jerks like some comments here that say "Maybe Jesus took it" or "It was a seamonster-" then you can report on the ridiculous theories taking place of rational reasoning, but DON'T ENTERTAIN THEM AS SERIOUS!
Full wide open throttle ascension into the upper atmosphere, then burn up?
Hey look at all the different religions and gods on this planet, no more of a distraction and fairy tales. Before u all attack me please identify ur particular god(s).
Did anyone even notice that one of our former "leaders" is a complete idiot? Lemon then turned to Mary Schiavo, former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation, and said, "I know it's preposterous, but is it preposterous, do you think, Mary?" "It is," Schiavo replied. "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe. So we know it's not that. The Bermuda Triangle is often weather, and 'Lost' is a TV show." Black holes do not suck anything in unless it is extremely close. I understand answering a stupid question with a stupid answer but they were all trying to be serious in this interview.
@Jason: You wrote: "...Black holes do not suck anything in unless it is extremely close..." UNLESS ??? Your statement seems to say that if something is close enough to it, a black hole CAN suck it in. RIGHT !!!! Stupid Question ???? Stupid Statement !!!!!
Jason Black holes do suck things in from a long distance away. In fact the gravitational pull of a black hole holds our entire galaxy in place! Please read up on things before commenting. I agree her saying it would suck the entire universe in was stupid as there are many black holes in our universe.
Have a feeling she meant to say that it would suck in our entire planet. But yes, stupid question. Good reason not to post twitter comments on the news.
@tobydad yes I did say unless it is extremely close because that is accurate. What was stupid about the statement? Is Stephen Hawking stupid? Those are his words not mine.
@Andi Black holes do not have the power to suck things in from a great distance. If the earth were to somehow become a black hole(not possible before anything is said) the moon would stay right where it is at. If you are talking about space and you mean something closer than that then you are extremely close.
CNN is not to betaken seriously in any regard.
Used to be the "bubble-head bleach blonde on the evening news." Looks like we have entered new, uncharted territory with CNN's on air un-talent pool. Maybe he should have paid more attention in Middle School science. Surprised he didn't get a plug in for Bigfoot.
Anchor is too fricken late I told them that days ago. Now he thinks he is the one who came up with the idea.
they don't really have answers for the planes over the Bermuda Triangle either, do they? and re Black Holes... this earth, including the sea is very mysterious at times... and we have sink holes .. the ground just opens up and swallows anything on it. EVERYONE, be prepared to meet your Creator at any time (atheists, don't bother respond.. we KNOW you don't believe, but most of us believe in a CREATOR) ... we love to travel, but have to fly to get there... and when we land safely,many people are too proud to say, "thank you Lord." ... but let us remember, a plane is only a machine. God have mercy on those souls because it seems very likely they are lost on this great big universe He has created.
This is why people should not take mainstream news networks too seriously when they hire and have dumb young hipsters like this floating around these ridiculous theories often based on programs they watched like "Lost". It is all about ratings and pathetic. CNN is bad, NBC news and MSNBC are the worst, they flat out lie, make things up, and switch around audio to get their desired response like they did to George Zimmerman. This is just embarrassing that CNN stoops to this level but guess what it works, the same viewers who get most of their news from Comedy Central are eating it up the ridiculous CNN over coverage and their bizarre theories from their unqualified "reporters"
Fox though only speaks the truth right?
Bryan I didn't see fox news mentioned any where in the original story at the top of the page. So your asking this absurd Question can only mean you're trying make this about Politics. Which also shows your Bias. But for grins and giggles, Ill say all news networks report untruths and half truths. Some do it accidentally where others have shown repeatedly a propensity to do so knowing fully well they are not reporting the truth.
Wow! There are a lot of close minded, stupid people that are so afraid (or jealous) of extraterrestrial intelligent life that they actually sound like lunatics. Maybe they’re afraid of losing the control they have on people. Maybe they’re themselves are the aliens, and they are trying to quiet the subject by calling people crazy so the truth will stay hidden. Either way something is going on. It’s not normal to keep a close mind like these people.
UFO's picked it up and took it to another world.
First he comes out of the closet, now he's obsessed with a black hole. What black hole is he referring too. Just saying
What a fool. Everyone knows it was Aliens.
I am so sick of this news story. It's an important story, but for pity's sake, if you are clueless, talk about the other news a little. All these talking heads just keeping throwing stupid ideas against the wall to see if they stick. They bring every "expert" under the sun who might have an idea and throw that at the wall. Then they exploit the missing passengers' families backstories just to keep this thing snowballing...I've had it. Put the story away for a while until someone actually knows something...puhleeze.
10% of this is news. The other 90% is speculation. It has value (I guess) as far as ratings go, but to find the speculative parts of the story on the news is an insult to the definition of the word. The news channels have gone the way of the educational channels. Apparently the majority of people chose to watch what I consider garbage and these channels suffer for it.
I hate you and this is coming from a broad named Mary anne.. You have 2 first names, #$%$
At this point anything could be possible. I'm sure there are hundreds of families in Malaysia still talking about it 24/7 and hoping that some of these stories are true and they loved ones are still alive. Those families will never stop talking...or for that matter...hoping...
You have the option to turn your tv off.
How about creative ways to get our economy going?! How about speculating on that!
@Melody & Dt., I could turn it off, but I was looking for news.
PS: @Mel/Dt., apparently, I'm not the only one.
A black hole? What an idiot, this guy probably doesn't even know what a black hole really is... I personally like the star gate theory.
Maybe Lemon should visit his proctologist and settle this theory once and for all.
CNN is now reporting new breaking news, where there is none.
OK, my theory is America killed and buried Bin Laden where nobody could possibly find his body. I believe somebody is retaliating for this by killing a large number of people and burying them where they cannot be found. I don't feel anything makes more sense than this.
No it's not a black hole they accidently turned on the flux capacitor and the plane was sent back to 1985; don't worry I'm sure Doc Brown will find a way to get it back to the future.
they know what happened we have sattalites covering the world and they can go back and watch that plane take off and follow it to were it went they are just refusing to make it public at this time
I still say that with all the “psychics” in the world, someone would know where that airliner went!
You would think they could win the lottery too.
hi I respect religions and science could it be ufo or black hole took the plane be real with myself if someone took the plane how and where is the plane is at and it been a week I saw a movie called-Millennium the movie I belive it could happen 1-questions though alots of us is naïve if there is no life outthere you ask yourself a questions how is the world the televisons and movies creators knew about life before us if there is no weakages or planes parts another week or so u can ask your questions then could it happen to us...I know the world don't want to get panick but you never know how life begain before human was born to this world and thank you for read my post
It doesn't appear you respect spelling or grammar.
Royal,,,, What's your thinking on the tooth fairy.
@ Stuke, It's not about spelling or grammar right now. It is about the point that Royal is making. Everything isn't just black or white, there are things which we may not be aware of that seems almost sci-fi, however who are we to completely rule them out. @Royal, everything that doesn't make sense isn't always a fairytale. Science does not have to confirm everything in order for it to be true, except maybe the tooth fairy.
Kjon and Royal - You are right. I saw a movie called "The Philadelphia Experiment" where an aircraft carrier went back in time. This is what I think happened to the plane. They were flying and saw a time rift open up. The pilot changed course trying to escape but was sucked in anyways. That is why there were no cell phone calls. After being pulled into time, they emerged at the same geographical place except they were in the year 1944. They did an emergency landing and were contacted by the US Marines who were busy losing the tail end of WWII. Well with all that technology from the future, the US was able to turn the war around and instead of Japan winning like it originally did, the Allies won. The time line was immediately altered which is why none of us recall seeing that Japan won in any history books. It was a transparent change to all of us. So flight MH370 saved human civilization as we know it because one fact that no one knows is that in the universe where Japan won the war, they did it with biological weapons and everyone in the world died of a virulent strain of acne.
The Black Hole theory works, but you need an extension, like Shop-Vac nozzle, so you can suck in the plane without taking a continent or an ocean with it. Probably a crevacing tool so you can narrow the field to a few acres of ocean. Just look for a spot in the Indian Ocean that has a big dip in it and the surrounding fisheys are all panicked and confused, and you will have the last earthly location of Flight 370.
You are about as frilly and lulu as Don Lemon is.
It's surprising that stupid theories like this are still being reported after all the evidence that the pilot deliberately attempted to conceal the plane. My guess? The pilot wanted to fly it somewhere. The passengers and crew revolted. Splash.
Black hole? Everyone in the know, knows that the plane was taken over by the underware gnome. That is what they do when they can't find underware, they pilfer large commercial aircrafts - preferably Boeing products - they abhor Airbus. Trey Parker and Matt Stone put their lives in danger to make a South Park episode that unveiled the truth about the underware gnomes. It was all laid out right there. In plain site. Laugh if you will, but I suspect that Vladimir Putin is the King of the underware gnomes too. Don Lemon is a fool.
What is an underware? Gnome we all know.
The sans culotte gnome revolution has just begun.
Step 1: Steal Airplane Step 2: Step 3: Profit
Gotta go to work! Work all day! We need underpants, hey!!!
Or was it the aliens that arrived from Nibiru to save us from the end.
Oh, Dear God. This posting actually makes sense to me.
BEST POST HERE, 10 OUTTA 9! YOU WIN. TAKE MY MONEY!
No, but seriously, that's pretty funny xD
Carol, you made me actually laugh out loud!
I thought gremlins stole my underwear and socks. Gnome? go smell the roses
You sir, have just won the internet.
What is the 'under ware gnome?'
We'll be watching you, Truth Always watching...
Carol Now that's Scary, but funny as Hell-O.
As much as I would love to think the plane flew into a devils triangle or super cool vortex...the reality is that the Islamic extremist and terrorist are forever relentless in their pursuit for jihad and tragedy . they will never stop creating new plans to demolish us.
Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah, pilot of the missing plane. The name says it all.
Im sorry, but IF the earth were even remotely able to form into a black hole it would be the size of a pea- also our sun cannot form into a black hole because its not large enough - and you dont get "SUCKED" into a black hole, black holes do not grow and thus cannot "suck in the entire universe." You can go near black holes, you can go around, you can even go over them, however once you cross whats known as the event horizon, this is the point at which you cannot escape because the gravity is too strong, and the event horizon is well inside in considering that in the 3D view of space is the photo of the line diagram forming a cone.
yea, really Darkness. Do the research. However, I do believe ObamaCare is a black hole. It has been sucking up the entire United States and my paycheck.
Yeah, really. For some people "God did it" isn't a satisfactory explanation for everything. That's when science comes in handy.
It is unprofessional for news people to create phony concepts to enlarge their image. Big Lou
..its mating season... They always do that. Its ends with a wild dance sequence.
his contract will not be getting renewed. What a slap in the face to the families of flight 370. CNN should can his ass.
Uh yeah Don, and where would this black hole come from? Obviously you didn't do your homework learning about black holes in the first place because if you had you wouldn't have entertained the question. Idiot!
Talk about idiots right? How in world does someone come to the conclusion that a black hole is even viable just because they cannot find the plane at the bottom of the ocean? Good lord.
It could have been taken away by aliens, eaten by a sea monster, traveled through time, or hijacked by ghosts. The longer this story continues, the more ridiculous theories will be produced by the news and conspiracy theorist.
I've been saying for two weeks that there is a possibility (however improbable) that an alien UFO which arose from the seafloor abducted the plane and the passengers - by somehow incapacitating them for several hours while jamming most of the signals, and that the plane might already be in interstellar space. The transponder may not have been turned off; it may just appear to be so because the signal wasn't getting through. And, there was a report of some kind of seismic activity near the point of last contact. That is plausible. What we know at this point with 100% certainty is that, if the plane is not on land or at the bottom of sea, the only logical place it can be is in outer space - which would imply some kind of alien abduction. As was the case with the Phoenix lights-in-the-sky incident several years ago, of which the U.S. military never fully explained or gave nonsensical versions about the incident, it is possible that the U.S. or other governments know far more but will never divulge the true nature of the incident. One thing I don't like about are the people who make outlandish claims about black hole as the cause, or write on Yahoo comment section other such nonsensical ramblings about some super cosmic mathematics, space, time and aliens that are gibberish. I can't understand what they are saying or make any logical connections between points they try to make - because there doesn't seem to be a coherent logical flow of thoughts there. It's like trying to read the gobbledygook book "Dianetics".
Search The Emerald Tablets to understand our true origin, and life in the universe.
Never watch CNN or MSNBC anymore. They have no respect for the concept of "news". For that matter, after hearing this absurd statement, I now am convinced that Jon Stewart and Colbert are a more legitimate source of news.
I know the plane crashed and the survivors are trapped on a mysterious island or maybe it's purgatory.
Preposterous theory about black holes, but don't black holes exist in our universe? "Mary" said a black hole would suck up our whole universe. A little overly dramatic for me. Maybe suck up our solar system but not our universe.
Did no one else think of the movie Eddie? and the line calling one of the players 'the black hole of basketball' That was no more appalling than the network profiting off from putting it on air, or yahoo re hashing in this forum.
Why not a black hole, everything in our world is gone crazy, #$%$ marrying #$%$, Obama's still robbing America and much more, so why not a black hole?
A little game playing, an explosion would have been caught. Low flying would have been spotted by someone. Not sure , it is sad and it may never be found. And we may never know what happened. Any idea no matter how weird should be looked at as long as it is done honestly. Please do not make this into a sideshow. As for the Bermuda Triangle issue, the great lakes have more weird hits.
Black hole and supernatural theories?? "Better to Remain Silent and Be Thought a Fool than to Speak and Remove All Doubt". I can't put it any better than the famous quote.
Bust out the tin foil hats boys. Here come the theories from the same people that think the ACA is good for the American people.
All this is foolish.. A short circuit or power cut paralyzed the communication system of the plane. Thereafter an explosion might have took place in air. All this might have happened so rapidly that pilots, crew members or passengers could not communicate by their cell phone even. The wreckage of the plane is certainly lying somewhere under remote area of the sea. It is difficult to identify the exact wreckage of the unfortunate Malaysian airliner by satellites because thousands of broken planes, ships and submarines sunk during First and Second World Wars are already lying under the sea. And it is also possible that the wreckage of the unfortunate Malaysian plane is carried out hundreds of miles by sea streams. I can't accept any super natural reason of the accident. What we call "supernatural", is actually not within our knowledge. The day we come to know the scientific reason of that so called "supernatural", it does not remain supernatural anymore. "Got knows", starts from the point where our knowledge ends.As we expand our knowledge, "God knows" ends then and there. Nothing is supernatural. Everything happens in this Universe is natural.. Everything has a scientific reason.
That's the very reason I don't watch CNN anymore, fairy tales for ratings don't work for me!
Since before Lindberg flew the Atlantic, airplanes have been vanishing without a trace on over water flights. The world is a VERY big place... it's happened before, and it'll happen again, and there AIN'T no black holes involved.
Well, #$%$....just throw a bucket of ice water on it, then. You are no fun.
Why dont they retrofit a fighter jet or B52 ect with a cell phone tower and fly it over the ocean and see if they can retrieve any data from the cell phones it might be a stretch but worth it.They could fabricate something where the bombs or missiles go and fly out and see if they could pickup something?
I bet he could run for Nancy Pelosi's seat. After all, he is out there enough for the people in her district.
No, the black hole between his glutes sucked MH370 out of the sky. Jesus... Look, here's what happened. Most of the Chinese flyers caught a meal before a long flight and undoubtedly ate some dodgy curry or some wicked stir fry and the cabin slowly began accumulating methane over the course of the flight. It started to get into the flight deck and the pilot tried to turn back so they could land and air out the flatulence. One of the flyers tried to light a cigar thinking it would help with the smell and the plane blew up like a gas filled balloon. End of story.
xlnt alternative explanation. I like it a lot.
Ah racism. I knew it would show itself here.
Ibrex, pull your own fool head out of your candy #$%$. I'd say the same thing about whites and their fave foods. It happens that the Chinese were the principal passengers, curry is a common Malaysian dish, and anyone about to get on a long flight will want to 'tank up' for the trip. You're a bloody waste of skin man. Everything everywhere is racism. No, it isn't.
Ibrex, really? You're pulling the RACE CARD on this? Beyond pathetic.
The plane was abducted by aliens. Those people are up there in the mother ship getting anally probed right now!!
I think its a magnetic phenomenon, just like the Bermuda Triangle. I know, since my grandfather was a pilot in the Coast Guard there are magnetic pulls inside the area referred to as the Bermuda Triangle that made his compass miscalculate and become, essentially, useless. This scenario would fit perfectly with what happened to that missing plane. There are natural forces that are extraordinary and that no one can explain.
Did the black hole turn off the transponders too?
Black holes, Bermuda Triangle, The TV show Lost are just things people think about that have not got a clue of the reality of this disaster. They are not even trying. Based on legends and theories and what we watch on TV. It's like saying a couple were hiking in the woods and haven't made it back to camp in days and they done a sweep of the woods some theorist thinks Sasquatch took em... That's not really a sense of reality and doesn't prove anything.
Personally I think that there was some sort of scuffle on the plane, perhaps someone trying to hijack it, and the plane was taken back by the passengers, but then there was no one left who could ably fly the plane or turn back on communications...and then it crashed into the ocean.
How are you doing on your brackets so far? Texas pulled off a good one over Arizona State.
Actually, as long as they're not TOO big, a mini black hole (say, the mass of an asteroid) could pass safely through the Earth. It would be coming from outside our solar system and simply shoot right through Earth at extrasolar velocities (like, 80 km/s), like a bullet passing through tissue paper. The smaller a black hole is, the longer it takes to consume a certain amount of matter, and at like 80 km/s, there isn't much time at all. So there's no conceivable way a black hole could consume an entire airplane in flight but not the Earth, too, and anyone with any kind of brain knows that.
Are you seriously considering the idea that a piece of matter could pass through another piece of matter? Black holes are not holes,and anyone with any kind of brain knows this. Imagine all of the mass of our solar system compressed into the area the size of the head of a pin. That's what a black hole is, an extremely dense object.
Is it safe to shoot a bullet through a globe? What outcome do you see from that?
Doug: Of course a piece of matter can pass through another piece of matter, if you exert a high enough pressure to overcome coumlombic repulsion (neutron stars do, and pack an entire Sun's worth of material into something only like 15 km across), but in THIS case the more apt analogy would be a drill. Secondly, are you even capable of READING?! I clearly stated that I talking about a MINIATURE black hole with "the mass of an asteroid". Miniature black holes are not known to exist, but some theories predict them forming in the instants right after the Big Bang, and astronomers consider miniature black holes as dark matter candidates. In fact, some astronomers have even proposed that we conduct searches for miniature black holes that are passing through the Earth as part of our hunt for dark matter. A miniature black hole has a gravitational attractive force equal to Earth's at a distance of only a meter or so, and the gravitational forces do not become strong enough to rip apart solid matter till a distance of a few centimeters. So a miniature black hole would pass right through Earth, drilling a tiny hole, which would be almost instantly filled in. I'm betting a sensitive seismograph could detect its passage, but I don't know for sure.
Let's consider the black home between this dude's ears!
The vast majority of people in the US are uneducated and uninformed with anything other than pop culture. There is a twenty something guy at my office that literally did not know anything about this missing airliner. When me and another coworker were talking about it; he didnt have a clue what we were talking about.
ask him who won the game last night. don't be specific about which game and you will find out more about his priorities
On August 15, 1976, a Vickers 785D Viscount operated by the airline SAETA took off from Quito, Ecuador en route to Cuenca. Flight 232 never made it. Searchers could find no sign of the plane, its crew of four, or any of the 55 passengers. On July 19, 1962, a plane carrying four young men home from a Billy Graham crusade left from Fresno, California headed to Sacramento. The wreckage was suspected to have gone down in Yosemite National Park, but the park covers over 761,000 acres and the plane was not found March 1957, Boeing C-97C-35-BO Stratofreighter disappeared over the Pacific Ocean, 320km SE of Tokyo, Japan en route from Travis Air Force Base, Fairfield, California; Missing: 10 crew; 57 passengers. Never located. 15 Mar 1962, Lockheed Constellation L-1049H, over the Pacific Ocean 1200 km W of Hawaii en route from Wake Island Airfield to Hickam Air Force Base, Honolulu; never found. On 28 March 1964, a C-54A disappeared over the Pacific (about 1120 km west of San Francisco—last reported position: 29.33°N 135.00°W) on an executive passenger flight from Honolulu International Airport, Hawaii to Los Angeles International Airport, California. Nothing more was heard from the aircraft, nor was any trace of it found despite an extensive search. On 25 May 2003 a Boeing 727-223, registered N844AA, was stolen from Quatro de Fevereiro Airport, Luanda, Angola. Its disappearance prompted a worldwide search by the FBI and the CIA. Early reports in July 2003 noted a possible sighting of the missing plane in Conakry, Guinea, but have since been conclusively disproven by the US Department of State. When the aircraft started taxiing down the runway, the control tower tried to make contact, but there was no response, and the tracking transponder was turned off. None of the pilots, navigator, nor anyone aboard has been seen or heard from since. The most famous lost plane of all is the Lockheed L-10E Electra that pilot Amelia Earhart and navigator Fred Noonan flew out of Lae, New Guinea on July 3, 1937 and was never seen again.
I'm pretty sure I read the British found a womans bones on a Pacific island back during WWII that was probably Amelia.
yeah, but none of these was anywhere close to the size of a 777...nor were they piloted and co-piloted by a couple of muslims...just sayin'
How about Flight 19...five different planes vanished without a trace. A search plane also disappeared without a trace. This was after the war in 1945.
For all you no brainers his point is this isn't the first airplane to disappear, there have been many others and none of them were hijacked to be used for an attack on a later date. Half the population believes this disappearance is something bigger when it could just be another plane that went down and can't be found.
That's a pretty big list and proof of the unknown so what happens do they just become cold cases? I mean this is a large aircraft I could see a car disappearing, but a full size aircraft. We need to open our minds and imagination. the officials still don't believe, I guess they know best. If this was one of my family members were on this plane, I would be #$%$. they do need to offer a reward!
So it must be a black hole? Really? I think you need to brush up on your physics.
I thought they found flight 19?
you people realize the ocean is a vast area to be covered right?!! which probably explains why we can't find those missing aircraft.
Flight 19. They found five planes on the bottom but the serial numbers did not match.
The Vickers has been found. A couple of years ago by some mountain climbers.
Pretty interesting facts about other disappearances.
Plane crashed in Yosemite few years back full of POT-rock climbers from well known camp area found it within a day. By the time authorities got to it it was empty.
Maybe Godzilla melted it with his breath Don. Are you working with one of those teleprompters? I'm just asking because the lack of intelligence here seems very familiar.
Pilot trained well enough to do this, who also has no conscience, probably left more fake clues then real ones.
Yeah, it was sucked into that black hole between his ears! Typical.
Sitting on the ground in Iran or Pakistan?
I suspect to fly a jet exactly on the border between Thailand and Malaysia, one doesn't put a plane on autopilot.
Has CNN even explored the posbility that it was a Gremlin on the Wing of the Plane? Or maybe some bratty little kid wished it into the corn field...
Another Theory? My theory is its in Jamaica! Go to Jamaica, drink some rum man, dig it man!!
And CNN is wondering why their ratings are in the toilet?
Google 32 degrees latitude and you will find the Airplane parked the 777 can fly 11,664 miles it's only 9,000 miles from Tripoli Libya to Malaysia the 32 degree line will take right to the Tripoli airport and there you will see the 777.
Dood... those google map images are nearly always many months old, if not a year or more. And Boeing has built more than a few trip-7's over the years...
Just goes to show what a fool Don Lemon is - a black hole? Seriously? Somebody needs to take a course in astrophysics...
...like I said, slow news day. ;)
Wherever they are, they aren't paying taxes. God bless them.
Lemon reflects current American love affair with vampires and zombies.
Here again the only black hole is in the reporters head.
They don't have a delivery system yet so the plane will be loaded with Iran's nuke and flown at 45,000 feet then sent into a nose dive on to Israel.
BWAHAHAHA THE ONLY BLACK HOLE I SEE IS DON LEMON'S MOUTH!!!!!! Seriously how can people can still watch Mainstream Media and not throw up is beyond me. Fox, CNN, MSNBC are corporate puppets used to form your opinion. THEY SPIN EVERYTING. Get your news from alternative media Mainstream is a joke.
The families of these people need some answers. Why don't they try a psychic?
Maybe the Enterprise captured the flight with a tractor beam, then transported it up to the ship.
With proof that the airliner changed course and flew some seven or so hours after last transmission, why would anyone suggest the effect of a black hole. Am I supposed to think that a black hole decided the plane had to be in a position 7 hours away before it could properly be sucked in. I thought black holes were "quicker" than that. Freakin' moron news people!
What if an alien spacecraft used some type of tractor beam to hijack the entire plane. It would certainly give the aliens an easy opportunity to stage a mass human abduction. Why is nobody talking about this scenario? A tractor beam was an attenuated linear graviton beam used by starships and space stations to control the movement of external objects. The tractor beam placed spatial stresses on the object in specific areas, allowing it to hold the "tractored" object in a fixed location or alter its position and/or trajectory.
Your idea is crazy, but at least it is logical and thought out!
Ha Ha.. well that is as good as Lemons idea anyway...
I'll go along with that theory if you can explain where they got the Di-Lithium Crystals....Maybe from TESLA car batteries?
The reason that "nobody is talking about this scenario" is that there isn't the first shred of evidence to support it. There is no scientific evidence that aliens exist, have visited earth, or that that "tractor beams" use gravitons--which at this point are only theoretical. If we're going to start tossing out ideas that have no actual evidence to support them, why not say it was Shiva, Justin Beiber, or the New York Mets?
Why are these Aliens people always talking about smart enough to cross time and space to get here but, too dumb to devise a plan to abduct or take over the world?
I've been to UFO Museum in Roswell('cause my water pump went out) watched aliens work on my vehicle for 2 days. Gave up watching after they snapped every bolt off pump and started throwing things. Still, they should check museum's pin dot system of alien flight paths to see if any match 370's path.
Maybe the plane disappeared in his black hole.
Have always enjoyed CNN even during its "harder times". For years it was all I can remember when I was a teenager. And Don Lemon has been a great anchor. Never one to let a "guest" wiggle his way out of an interview. He then was brave enough to come out as gay which had to be difficult not only as a public figure but also as a member of the black community. I have often thought of him as somewhat similar to Anderson Cooper who i think is just excellent. Having lived in the New Orleans area during Katrina he came to be an honary citizen. Never abandoning the city and returning off and on for years to come. But THIS? I mean please.......i don't watch Fox news for a reason. For an anchor to even discuss such as issue totally and i mean totally in my mind destroys his credibility and for me his career. Hell, even if Anderson Cooper brough such a subject up I would hope to see him drug off in a lil white straightjacket. This is journalism. Maybe his is just tired. I mean they been beating this to death close to two weeks. But I was not aware the 'National Enquirer' has bought an interest in CNN. What a TOTALY joke? And I find that sad cause I honestly thought Don Lemmon was 'one of the good guys' and a great role model -- intelligent, successful, involved in the community, out in the gay community, a positive role model for both gay and black youth. Seems to have it all. But after hearing this i can honestly say I would consider flipping right past CNN next time I saw him. Is he crazy? Does he crave such attention? I for sure KNOW he is smarter than this? So this has to be some stuipid 'motive' and when a so called anchor/journalist has a motive, regardless of the reason, his or her credibility and as far as I can concerned legitimate career is OVER. See you soon Don on a show like "The Insider" or the like - fake, tabloid news. I AM REALLY REALLY SAD AND DISAPPOINTED! !!!!!!
Only Liberal idiots believe what CNN tells them. One dummy even suggested that aliens abducted the plane!!! LOL.
You obviously haven't been to UFO Museum in Roswell, have you now?
I think it's sad that so many of you are so irate about the possibility of a 'paranormal occurence' - do you really still think that we know everything about how the universe works, or that there is no mystery?
Is it racist to call a black whole in space "black" ? Could we substitute it for non-white whole ? Dark whole. Other then white hole. Dark shade whole. Or put up a disclaimer in advance for people that it is in no way related to race and only used in the advancement of science. For those offended. Those with negative emotional experience, a 1-888 number to a government approved counselor or a website at tax payer expense to calm the offended. A committee could be formed to select a proper description regardless of science. Science should not be advanced by sacrificing feelings.
A whole load of #$%$ about black holes.
Last theory I read they mis-named black hole. Article claimed "should have" named it brown hole 'cause that is how it looks up close. Do Black, I mean brown holes really exist? We don't know. Flight 370 does. LOL!!!
What people forget is that when it comes to something like this NO theory is any better or any worse than any other theory because there is NO evidence or data of any kind that lends credibility to any of the theories. Time and again in aviation we have learned that sometimes the thing that brought down an airplane wasn't among ANY of the theories because no one ever thought that situation could possibly happen. Would you think the failure of a 50 cent bulb in a non-emergency piece of equipment could result in a plane crashing? Well it did - ValueJet Flight 592.
@JJ - Some theories are more likely than others. Less likely theories fit all of the current evidence but just aren't as creditable. An example here would be a suicide by the pilot theory. If he were really distraught and going to commit suicide, why fly on for hours when you could just crash into the ocean below you?
CNN hurting for ratings has become the national enquirer. Used to be a proud news organization, now is a joke.
THe problem with CNN is that they are all goofy enough to not understand what a reject this guy is! Blind leading the blind
Just a little common sense would tell you that a plane with 239 people aboard that disappears could only be at the bottom of an expansive ocean somewhere but then it could have been gathered up by one of those elusive UFO's ! Do you suppose the pilot made a very clean dive ?
Come on people, the pilot intentionally turned off the transponder and the planes cell tower(for passengers to make calls) to deliberately hijack this plane. Was it a mear coincendence that there were 20 engineers on board who worked for a tech firm that dealt in stealth technology? This plane is on the ground somewhere, the passengers are dead. Most logical scenario!
Agree plane landed....without a doubt....won't be any lives saved except those in charge....too many facts that point to this,yet media wants the damn plane in the friggin ocean.....b/.shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttt
Speculation after speculation --- that's what CNN is all about nowadays. They go out of their way to invent news rather than report on it.
That's not preposterous, a big chunk of my paycheck was swallowed up by the same black hole last week.
You see all of these mainstream media outlets for years have convinced a lot of people in the public that the wild crazy conspiracy kooks are the ones who run the alternative media sites on the internet...when in fact all along it's the media who are constantly reporting the government's version of events as truth when they've actually been more 'theories' than facts, JFK,9/11,Vaccines are safe..etc. These scripts these people read are just information that the white house, pentagon and phony medical and science 'experts' (gatekeepers) send to the networks..there isn't any real investigative journalism going on..the best example of investigative journalism i've seen recently was when Dr. Sanjay Gupta actually went and experienced first hand what medicinal marijuana can do and he changed his position after doing so because before he was just believing all the propaganda and bogus nonsense that 'experts' pass off as 'science'.
Ok no way are we gonna let the republicans blame this disappearance on Michelle Obama! Oh my bad. Miss read it, it says black hole not black hoe! Sorry and carry on.
I don't know what Don Lemon really believes happened to this plane, but this pinhead is at least smart enough to not speak candidly about it while he's on the air. He knows the biggest paranormal miracle is that his very flimsy understanding of the world has somehow been enough to earn him six, maybe seven figures annually, so he knows not to push it too much.
The plane and it's people are all alive and well in a lost island in the seas.. Very soon we will have good news and everybody will be happy. I said it first. Remember this day. I am the messenger.
What I wonder about, is the legalities for the survivors. Will insurance companies pay up soon, if there is no trace of a crash to be found? I sympathize.
Ya know, as in survivors in the family sense.
Lemon fits right in at CNN 'news'. Don't change anything. You ought to hear him report racial news, it gets even better. lol
I'm sure the USA has a couple of submarines in the south Indian ocean looking and listening for the black box pingers.
I've not taken any scientific surveys but I bet there are all kinds of BLACK BOX pingers around, hope they home in on the right one!!
What an idiot! kinda like the guy that said the island that the US uses for target practice is going to tip over!
They probably know where the plane is they are just covering something up.
the bermuda triangle is well known, but lesser known is the devils triangle off the sea of japan (exact other side of the earth). No need for magic or mystery, scientists have laid blame on methane from the sea floor in some documentaries. I just wish for an answer for all those families.
WHAT AN IDIOT! Here's a theory, a bunch of pirates with pilots licenses and an old military aircraft ordered the plane to turn around or else.
They're both idiots, him for suggesting it might be true and her for saying that a black hole would suck in the whole universe. Duh, there are an untold number of black holes in the universe and guess what, the universe is still here. Well, no one ever suggested that teleprompter readers are rocket scientist, especially on CNN.
Really a small black hole would suck in our whole universe? Is that lady smoking crack?
Proving yet again that NewsCasters are nothing more than pretty talking heads.
Mary's comment is itself preposterous. No black hole would "suck in the entire universe." Scientists know that there are billions upon billions upon billions of black holes in the universe right now. Most galaxies (including our own) have a massive one embedded in their center. And the "entire universe" hasn't collapsed. Also, black holes are not "supernatural," as their inclusion in this discussion subtly implies; they're accepted facts of science. This isn't to say that the suggestion of a black hole causing the disappearance is probable. It's very, very, very, very unlikely. But ill-conceived expert "explanations" like Mary's are part of the reason that Americans have so much trouble knowing the truth about much of life.
but the universe came from a singularity, black hole, according to most big blast models.
black holes are the result of supernova explosions, last time I checked there was never a historical record written of a star much bigger than our sun that was ever located in the middle of the pacific ocean.
Actually it is 100% unlikely that a black hole was the problem. Also I'm pretty sure she meant solar system and not universe, any person with an IQ over 40 knew what she meant.
A black Ho could not suck the entire Universe...but a crack Ho might...
no she is not stating nonsense.. read up on the subject
And we all know the protocol for being unexpectedly sucked into a black hole, turn off the transponders first thing...
This latest theory of a "black hole" swallowing flight MH370 is similar to house representative Hank Johnson questioning whether Guam might tip over if more military equipment were to be placed at one end of the island.. If you don't remember the incident look it up on the net.
Oh my god, stop with this #$%$. Get of your duff and find some real news to report on, like the real numbers on bammycare enrollment, or the progress of syria's chems being destroyed, or what the real employment numbers are. This plane and all it's sinkable contents are in the indian ocean in the deepest water the pilot could find to put it, the floatable contents are being dispersed to the currents as we speak. He did it to discredit the malaysian government and to try and break them financially. Probably succeed too.
I hope the anti-FOX news bigots read this carefully before believing it. This is totally irresponsible reporting! The low information voter might actually believe what CNN reports. In fairness this is completely consistent with the Global Warming nonsense that turned Al Gore from just another billionaire liberal Democrat ex Senator to a multi billionaire. "The sun so hot we froze to death Suzanna don't you cry!"
This is exactly why CNN has very little viewers. What a moron, must be a liberal.
Don Lemon, please, just REPORT the news; stop being a part of the news! Didn't they teach you anything in journalism 101?
On any other story I'd say this is the dumbest thing I've ever heard but for this case it might be the best explanation yet.
Don't you just wish that someday you can be as smart as a liberal?
It took black holes and aliens for CNN to finally attract more viewers than FNC.
To even consider such a ridiculous theory wouldn't even be considered by any truly thinking person. Maybe he ought to go back to journalism school and learn how to weed out stupidity and how to do an intelligent interview.
If they are on an uncharted island the american is definitely their leader by now. Democracy is taking form.
The Commi News Network at your service. China doesn't want the bad press, they have big human rights problems in Xinjiang province with Chinese Han vs Turkic Uighars. The violence is disturbing. It's ugly and we don't see the news in the west. The plane is on land. The cell phones could not ring unless they were able to ping a cell site. The passengers couldn't answer because the non-muslims are more than likely dead.
Duhhhh...plane was hijacked by Jimmy Hoffa and taken to the Bermuda Triangle so he could prove that Bigfoot was really Elvis. Next up, the Kardashians and Paris Hilton discuss having a balanced portfolio while roving science reporter Lindsay Lohan checks out the latest trend in particle acceleration.
And this is the kind of journalism that CNN hopes rekindles their trust with the public?
CNN is retarded. "I know it's preposterous but that's what people are saying" So... your job is to report what people are saying in twitter? I hope you're at least getting good ratings for your bullshit.
Lemon is an intellectual midget, he needs to be canned.
Someone inside the cockpit went through too much trouble to hide the plane as it went on it's flight. Turning off all the electronics, climbing to 43k and possibly depressurizing the cabin, dropping down to fly NAP of the Earth, turning on Way Points, Etc. The plane was most likely taken to a Country to be used for an Ulterior Purpose!
I'm sticking with my belief, and that is a super criminal has stolen the plane and bond needs to find it.
I just saw a panel of FoxNews analysts discussing why the plane's disappearance is obviously Obama's fault.
The only black hole large enough to swallow up a plane in this world is this man's mouth or better yet when he bends over. Welcome to the behind zone dodedodedoedode
The non-stop coverage brings about this kind of thing I guess. The problem is he seemed serious. I would have busted out laughing. Congratulations to his guests for not just staring at him.
Has any agency checked on the passengers that did not get on the plane? Somewhere in the lines of why they chose not to get on the plane. I remember there were 3 - 4 passegners that did not get on the plane.
This chap must be an Obama supporter.
This might go down in history as just one of those unexplained disappearances.
I learned in 8th grade that anything within a mile of a black hole would get sucked in, and that includes, planets and stars.
I JUST HAVE TO LOOK GOOD I DON'T HAVE TO BE CLEAR! OR EVEN INTELLIGENT!
So here's something I hadn't thought about before. With the conspiracy theories believing the plane has been stolen for a future terrorist attack, how would media coverage of a 9/11-scale attack look taking place today. Perhaps a look at last year's Boston Marathon bombing gives the best model. There would be lots of Twitter, YouTube "eyewitness" contributions to the coverage. Those entities didn't exist on 9/11/01. What about the chick last week taking a selfie while evacuating that US Airways jet that aborted takeoff in Philadelphia last week? There would be really good on-the-scene first person contributions
Have you ever seen the movie Chariot?
Why not wait until 09-12 to find out? Maybe you'll believe then...
this story is to keep our attention away from Ukraine and nothing else. sooner or later the states will blame Russia for destroying this plane and this will be the excuse to go to war.wait and see.
This is what happens when pot is legalized.
From playing with toy planes to theories about black holes in a plane's disappearance? Wow. I remember way back in the day when CNN was somewhat serious about reporting the news.
Occam's Razor---it got hijacked and flown over the most remote part of our planet, the South Indian Ocean, where it crashed into the sea after running out of fuel. Not so tough, no "Black Holes" or "Lost" scenarios, it's 1500 miles from the nearest land-based radar, so no pings.
Peasants with mental problems living in the year 1374 have more scientific knowledge than the idiots on this CNN show.
Its called being a blabbering idiot.
Maybe the quantum singularity at the heart of every Romulan Warbird grew into a larger artificial black hole? Dam, that was too much nerd in one sentence...
After 14 days of reporting the same thing this was expected to come up.
"CNN anchorman asks: Could a 'black hole' explain MH370 mystery?" Just fitting for the least watched and trusted news agency on the market. Surprised they have not folded yet. Most of their viewers are empty waiting rooms or hotel dining areas. Does anyone really watch this garbage since Ted Turner sold it?
Can we please just stop talking about this damn airplane? Every single time I turn on the news there is a new "expert" on the air that is certain they know what happened to the plane. If the plane crashed in water it could be anywhere now thanks to tidal conditions. Please let the world know what happens if they ever do find the plane but until then just freaking drop it.
You'd have to be an alien to watch CNN in the first place!
I saw a comment by one of the family members saying he dialed his loved ones cell and it just rang. You would think if the plane crashed in the ocean it wouldn't just ring. I think other family members should start dialing and see what happens. Maybe they were confiscated and still turned on, and maybe through communication lines, a fixed location can be found.
So the plane crashing and sinking is just too crazy to imagine huh?
Has anyone heard from any media source about what happened to the pilot's wife and kid? If they moved the day before the flight, maybe it was to go to a prearrainged place where they would meet the pilot later. It's ridiculous that with 24 hour coverage with all the world's news jouralists that no one is seeking or giving answers to lots of basic questions that the public has. Instead they sound like the National Inquirer. Very, very fishy.
Well I guess my respect for Lemon as one of the few quality broadcasters on CNN has been shown to be misplaced. Ratings are the only thing that seem to motivate the so-called news stories today not responsible reporting. I for one immediately change the channel when the Malaysian airline story comes up. I'm sure if and when any real facts are found, it will interupt any news I'm watchng to be reported.
The world is full of complete morons. It is a shame that a news organization would even air such a thing.
Don Lemon is a first class idiot. A perfect example of an affirmative action hire gone bad.
Maybe it was taken over by Pokey-mon corrupted by Team Rocket! ...Or the plane was hijacked by terrorists who were trying to make a statement (but forgot to leave any clues as to who they represented).
Well, rather than investigate facts and update on the Oz search, CNN is back to the grand "lithium battery" theory. They're really grasping, and have pared back their coverage intensity.
The content is irrelevant. The fact that you are interested is all they need to make their money.
Next on CCN: Big Foot and Chupacabra might have stolen the plane for a secret honeymoon in Tazmania
The moral of this story is the past paragraph. This kind of silliness by CNN draws ratings; look how well it's worked for Fox, after all. People can and do whine about the sensationalist trash we're constantly exposed to in entertainment and even news, but the bottom line is the bottom line. It's like dirty politics; if we didn't so eagerly absorb this #$%$ it wouldn't exist.
Anything to make a story more sensational.
Well ... Where is it !!! There is nothing " supernatural " about natural forces that we don't know about it, and/or still keep it in secret. The Bermuda Triangle IS NOT a simple weather disturbance; hundredth of planes and vessels simply VANISHED without any trace. Recently, and C-130 JUIST VANISHED of the coast of California, no wreckage or sign at all was found. If this is human work, their degree of planning and sophistication is very high. Where is it !!!
Ugh. The ignorance of some people is painfully astounding. A) It was not a black hole. B) If it was a small black hole, it would not "suck in our entire universe". A small black hole would have made its presence known long before it reached the Indian Ocean and possibly destroyed the planet, but not...ugh...it hurts to even postulate it...destroy the universe. Edumacation people. Learn it, love it, live it.
CNN does live in a fantasy land. After all, they've been Obama's propaganda news outlet for 6 years now.
So, the National Inquirer got a TV network?
That's preposterous. We saw in Close Encounters of the Third Kind that aliens kidnapped those Navy planes in the Bermuda Triangle and returned them decades later without the crews having aged a day - although their loved ones were long dead. (I could never figure out how this rather cruel act matched supposedly benign aliens, but...) They'll be back around 2050.
There are strange and unexplainable things that happen on this planet.Did you know there is another Bermuda triangle directly on the other side of the planet on the same parallel?Magnetism is a real force the Earth uses for various functions.There also could be another dimension of space and time we cannot detect with our limited senses.Imagine things happening all around us but we cannot see it.A black hole is not an explanation because anything near it gets sucked in.There is a movie called "The Langoliers"which is about a similar phenomenon.Human beings are not the brightest stars in the galaxy.We have much to learn about the Universe works.
I've been saying the Langoliers got them from the start!
Imagine how the world would change if days from now, that plane showed up at an airport somewhere, intact and everyone physically OK but having no idea what happened to them.
Anybody with a brain knows that Big Foot hijacked this plane as it was flying through an unfocused area with green air.
I know that airplanes have been looking for wreckage in the south Indian Ocean, but has anyone has been listening for the pings from the black boxes? They should be heard from some distance away.
Cable news is pathetic. Every slightest new detail or even speculation is touted as "breaking news." And, even when they don't have any new information, they propose moronic theories, like maybe the plane flew into a black hole. Idiots.
Any one who thinks that a black hole is the reason for the planes disappearance is an idiot and does not typify the intelligence of the great majority of believers in UFOS and government conspiracies regarding extra-terrestrials. To say that a small black hole can suck in our entire universe is equally dumb too. Technologically induced warm holes may be possible but not probable in this case because it is not in the Bermuda triangle.
The Black hole did not do it, she was to busy shopping and getting ready for her 3rd vacation this year.
No wonder China thinks we are a bunch of idiots.
Face it people... it went down and sea, and there will be no survivors. Those passengers are already sharkshit.
Most of the time these things are NEVER proven. That's just the way it is.
You're wrong about that. There have been DOZENS of American airliners lost without a trace, especially in the Pacific.
Jetliners, no... we've been lucky on that. But piston engine airliners are out there in profusion.
yep, back when your dad was sucking off men in gay bathhouses, piston aircraft regularly traveled the oceans.
It's almost certainly on the bottom of the ocean. The only other viable possibility is that it landed somewhere and has been hidden. I'd give the latter possibility less than a 1% chance. Resorting to a supernatural explanation is asinine.
What would be interesting for all to know is this, what was in the cargo hold ? The CIA were involved quickly, is there something that is not being revealed ? Often aircraft carry valuable cargo such as Gold and Diamonds, did this aircraft have a vast amount of gold or diamonds in the cargo hold ? As for the black hole question, a serious news presenter would not have asked this question.
I personally think the plane flew into the ocean at slow enough speed that it didn't break apartut fast enough to be like a torpedo flying straight down to the bottom of the ocean with no debris. Then it would likely never be found, seeing how deep the Indian Ocean is.
Uh, Ms. Schiavo either did not mean to say "universe" or does not understand black holes. However a black hole would not just appear, selectively take an airplane, and leave. In Science Fiction, a wormhole could do something like that. If you want the probability of that happening ask Dr. Stephen Hawking.
Black hole, SERIOUSLY? Have we become such MORONS that WE buy anything they put on the table? I think its time to DEMAND answers for this, and a LIST of others. Im tired of being LIED to, & told to just go sit down. GOD HELP AMERICA, GOD PLEASE HELP US ALL.
"We go to church, the supernatural power of God. You deal with all of that. People are saying to me, why aren't you talking about the possibility — and I'm just putting it out there — that something odd happened to this plane, something beyond our understanding" And this folks, is yet another reason why religion is a virus in our society. When we accept myths and ridiculous notions of people resurrecting, and magically curing the sick and the blind, we lose a connection with the REAL world, and we stop searching for the truth.
The most logical answer is a hijacking. Arabs most likely stole this plane and are packing it with a dirty bomb or some kind of radioactive components to send to the US or Israel. If it crashed or had engine problems, there would have been communications. Muslim extremists did this.
I would fire this lemon clown for stupidity.
The overall answer is that "someone" does not want this airplane found. The best locations are on Diego Garcia involving some kind of germ emergency or The location in far West Red China under the control of 'separatists' angry at Red China. The hiding of the plane has been assisted by the very expected and usual intransigent and fearful mix of governments and agencies who do not want to be blamed but also do not want to expose their technical abilities or limits and who do not want to fully cooperate with neighboring nations, perhaps due to sovereignty issues, military fears, and so on. The likely cover story to emerge this week coming will be Australia claiming finding odd pieces of airplane which will be asserted to be from THE plane and adding that the plane has fallen into the nearby deep under water trench, currently not recoverable. Australia has been stuck with telling the lie because it is the only nation involved that has credibility. It is also likely that the "someones" will have a new crisis to hit the news, from somewhere, which will take this story off the headlines, and the plane will be forgotten in the ever rushing onslaught of "crisis news" peddled by CNN and all their brothers. Welcome to the modern world.
They would have had a very warm welcome on Diego Garcia. The Royal Marines there would have been waiting for them.
Intransigent, ha? Nice. Just looked it up and it's not a word at all. Smoke another one.
Hyperz..... I got this from a Google search that cites several dictionaries.............. quote unwilling or refusing to change one's views or to agree about something. synonyms: uncompromising, inflexible, unbending, unyielding, diehard, unshakable, unwavering, resolute, rigid, unaccommodating, uncooperative, stubborn, obstinate, obdurate, pigheaded, single-minded, iron-willed, stiff-necked More antonyms: compliant noun noun: intransigent; plural noun: intransigents 1. an intransigent person. Actually sounds like you. Never mess with a person smarter than you and that includes me and 95% of people alive today.
William....... the Brits know to leave American activities there alone. Urs is a silly comment.
Latest theory on Black Holes is, they may not even pull anything in.
It's more likely that this was a planned hijack. What are the odds that all the tracking equipment was destroyed in a crash? Very small. Someone intentionally took them all offline and set the plane down somewhere in Africa, the passengers sold into slavery, taken hostage, or worse.
I especially like the comment by Mary Schiavo: "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." So, how is it that there are countless black holes, including one in the center of our own Milky Way Galaxy, yet the universe is still intact? My conclusion: Lemon and Schiavo are both idiots.
What's even more preposterous than the black hole theory is that so many people consider cnn a legitimate news source.
Why is this donkey still on TV ? Has he contributed anything remotely newsworthy ? CNN has tossed a few lunatics in the last year but ther are a few left to go . I don't how anyone could call CNN an actual news station of any kind . They just repeat everything from Libs mouths without anything being fair and balanced . Until that happens FOX will still kick their #$%$ .
I don't want to wish that the plane has crashed, but what IF the plane has been taken somewhere? The passengers would be suffering, the plane could be used for unimaginable destruction, and the families continue to suffer without knowing something. Dear heaven,
Really!? man, that guy has no remote idea what a black hole is about... he has a black hole in his brain... I have a better one: the plane was abducted by aliens... you see: aliens have being abducting people one at a time so far. One of these aliens is a drunkard, I know him... he is no good, very bad worker... and an awful breath... anyways, the guy has been partying for the past 2 months and felt quite short of his abduction quote, so he decided to abduct a plane full of people to cover up for the loses... whatever...
all i can say is Yes..you sir win the comments
every clue led them in the wrong direction... do some background checks on those '' tipsters '' too...
I guess intelligence is not a requirement to be a talking head!
Big Foot Hijacked the Plane and Flew it to visit family.
This guy and crazy just like everything you hear on CNN.
Yeah, that Black Hole is called The Indian Ocean.
I just cannot believe there are enough losers in the US who have nothing better to do than worry what happened to a Malaysian flight in an Ocean that dwarfs the continent of North America to keep the ratings high enough to keep this in the news for a week.
People need to be patient! We're all used to instant results / gratification / solutions and so on. The truth is, we don't have all that much experience when it comes to modern airliners quietly vanishing over the ocean (most cases managed to make radio contact before disappearing). The 777 has been a formidably safe jet since it took to the skies and, as it ages, unexpected issues may be cropping up (highly doubtful but still). And so on. This is a complex situation, we can't just merrily enter the data into a Mac Air and wait for the explanation to come crunching out. Patience is needed.
Tell that to CNN. They are the people reporting on this constantly.
I agree...CNN is obsessing over this ad nauseatum.
Right? Given our technology now, people want answers NOW. They are man made, invented by man. What makes anyone think that NO ONE is smart enough to pull this off?
Ah,,, so it is a plot to sell MORE jetliners. NOW it makes sense...
Opinions of people like this guy shape the politically correct landscape of the mainstream media. CNN would make more sense if they claimed that they're actually being controlled telepathically by a rainbow coalition of little, green, homosexual, "gender unspecific" creatures from a parallel universe that are hell bent on stripping Americans of our 2nd Amendment Rights.
I think all this talk of the airplane is a diversion for what is happening with Russia, possible impending war situation.
It's obvious to me that nobody has considered a very simple explanation. After turning, the aircraft simply went home. I bet that right now, it's in its own hanger in Kuala Lampur. Only, the door lock mechanism is stuck and they can't get out, but are impatiently awaiting release. Hurry! The peanuts won't hold out much longer!
CNN is has absolutely no journalist value what so ever. These clowns belong on the Jerry Springer show.
Anything is possible...we elected a black hole twice to suck the life from this nation.
Very misleading title, Lemon didn't ask the question, someone tweeted it and he simply entertained the idea even though he thought it was "preposterous". The title suggests that it was his idea. Bad journalism making him look like an idiot.
Yeah, but that guy doesn't need tweets to make him look like an idiot. He's well-known for saying stupid things.
I love that "I know it's preposterous, is it preposterous?" Well, if you *know* it's preposterous then why ask? This is a shining example just how horrific the "journalists" are today. Give us the news, not your opinion... this is precisely how the media sways public opinion. "I'm a journalist and I think that's preposterous!" Just wonderful.
Black holes? Really? Just another glaring reason why you cannot believe a word they say! They are nothing more than tabloid trash. Its all about ratings, and nothing to do with journalism or professionalism.
Global warming has to be the cause of this mystery.
This is a perfect example that reveals how Tweeter is not an information or news service - its pure entertainment. Garbage in - garbage out.
I really should have been a journalist, I don't know if there is an easier job out there. I'd be embarrassed to have this headline on my news site...
Just think if the media would have paid half the attention to Benghazi, (where it was never explained the who, why, and what happened to kill four Americans), as they did to this missing plane story we would have our answers by now.
This is what happens when you have 24 hour news, they have to come up with something to cover the time so it leads to stupidity such as this.
"Hey guys, this is MAS 370, we seem to be on fire here, copy? Gonna' bring 'er back to home, can ya clear me some air space, copy? Again, I repeat, this is FLT 370, due to fire requesting alternate flight path back to Kuala Lumpor, copy?
Hey Yahoo, stop sensationalizing the story headline to get people to read the foolishness. To be fair, the anchor is not entertaining the idea of blackholes he's simply reading and putting forth the ideas of others who emailed or tweeted about the possibility. To headline it as though it's Lemon's own preposterous question is just poor journalism as usual.
What about a simple theory. The pilot wanted to make a statement against the Malaysian Govt. and simply took the plane and all aboard for their last flight the bring attention to the world.
Wow ... a small black hole would suck in the whole universe? What a buffoon.
Sorry, but not in this case. It was not an act of nature or even a freak act of nature. The fact that the plane's transponder was shut off (manually) and then other electronic devices were shutdown (again, manually) but that the electronic interface with the Boeing satellite continued for hours afterward, tells me that there was human intervention involved.
I guess physics is not a requirement of a degree in communications.
The one thing we have all learned from all this speculation by so called experts is that there really aren't any experts at all.
If the plane had fried chicken and watermelon on board obama could sniff it out!
Does anyone ever screen what these 'newscasters' say before air time? Yes, Don Lemon, it IS preposterous. Do you really even have to wonder if it is? I can't imagine how embarrassed your boss is. At least, I hope he is. But, then, you DO work for CNN, so maybe he's not. Maybe he's thinking black holes, too.
Start with 93° Latitude 73° Longitude.
Plane veered off course, crashed and the currents took it god knows where--while I would dismiss the possibility of a black hole (don't know much about that), don't dismiss the possibility of a whirlpool.
Surprised to see no comments on Lemon saying "sucked" into a black hole given that he is an authority on such activities.
The tweets about Black Holes should never have been entertained. They should have been just like the junk mail in the mailbox. Out of mailbox straight to the trash. Asking these professionals questions like that about such a despairing subject on national t.v. WOW At a presidential press conference, "Mr. President, do you think Rabbit should have tried to use a tractor beam to get Pooh out of that hole?" Ridiculous.
Are there not many other reports of aircraft disappearance. Its been awhile, but would seem what ever is or is not doing it, is working on a much larger scale these days. Do commercial aircraft that fly over large body of waters have any kind of an auto underwater transponder in the even. Not just wreckage verification/location. Thought there are black holes in the mind too.
Didn't read the article. Don't care what the Clinton News Network (aka CNN) has to say. However, it doesn't surprise me that a traditionally democratic news station would say something like this. Maybe it's the same black hole dems used to suck up jobs, economy, healthcare, national debt, morals, and the constitution.
CNN, the same people that bragged up Soretoe for President, and touted support for Obamacare. They first ran this theory by their editor, sasquatch, and he called the mail room to see how the ETs felt about it. Once they decided it was a go, they sent it to the Loch Ness Monster to print. The Oompa Loompas worked all night getting it right. I was having a hard enough time accepting Cooper, Gupta, and Banfield as real characters, and now this.
Look--while I agree--it's pretty inappropriate to cite any news agency for lack of objectivity and dignity of the big three. Fox News runs O'Reilly--"Tide Goes in, Can't Explain that". I'm not sure what MSNBC runs--I've never seen it. And CNN runs this. They aren't journalists--they're propoganda mouthpieces.
Clearly the plane became sentient and was making its escape before it realized it would still have to rely on humans for fuel and took it's own life.
Lemon needs to undersand the difference between the REAL supernatural which is the Spirit of God, (which lives in all of us), and the counterfeit supernatural, which is always of the devil. The devil will ALWAYS counterfiet the real thing. Unfortunately, we have global Eletist forces at work here which will (very soon) start using 'credible' 'experts' to start confirming the existence of much of t supernatural, (including aliens). The crowning event, and the beginning of the end will be when our own President announes that aliens if fact DO exist, and that the government has known this since the 1948 Roswell incident. (Nothing could be further from the truth. What IS the truth is that they will parlay this manufactured lie as an excuse to 'save ourselve's we must all come together (globally), one government, one currency, etc....are you getting the picture. Al Gore made a career out of being an 'environmental puppet' for the Elite, (George Soros, Rothchilds, Rockefeller, Bill Gates, and MANY, MANY others). They are unstoppable. Watch and learn....
hilarious! you could be on CNN!
Lemon is an idiot. Show respect for the families of the people on the plane.
Why the news even covers this in the first place is more baffling than the conspiracy.
Thanks again Obamacare. Now planes are disappearing, the Russkies are coming, and gay people are being given the right to marry just like regular folks. Wake up people!
Another example of an absolute moron in the journalism field.
There ya go! We have not heard the Alien Invasion, or the alternate universe theory yet, either. That is strange!! The Black Hole Theory is no worse than all the other speculations that has been pounding the air waves. All the experts and all the tech, can not find the plane. Must have been sucked up in a black hole. So sad.....
As far as conspiracy theories go, I am suggesting that Don Lemon is putting himself out there as a crazy loon in attempt to attract the attention of MSNBC so he can join the likes of Rachael Madcow and Chris (tinkle down his leg) Matthews.
Boy, got some real whacky theories out there. And, to add to the craziness, how about the Polar Vortex?
Is it anymore preposterous to say this as opposed to something about god having a hand in it?
Yes, it is more preposterous because it can be proven to be untrue. A claim that God had something to do with it is a matter of faith which, by definition, can not be proven either true or false. You can only prove that the intervention of God is not necessary. That is not the same as proving that God did not intervene.
Marine 90-95; Yes, black holes exist but they do not have the characteristics attributed to them by the statement that "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." nor would the behavior of a black hole be consistent with the disappearance of an aircraft.
Samuel, yes, I know. I was being snarky.
Enough of this caca. When they have some NEW information then get back to us.
This is just Stupid. Get this Knucklehead off the air.
Yes a black hole is a plausible theory. The cockpit being taken over by Bigfoot and flown straight into the Loch Ness monster's mouth is also a valid theory.
It's preposterous, so let's give it credibility by talking about it on CNN. What a bunch of phonies
I'm waiting for the Broadway musical version of it.
My question is why isn't there more news coverage of this. It leads me to believe that there is more to this story than what is being reported. There is no evidence of the plane crashing. Just like the plane that supposedly crashed in Penn. on 9/11. There are many people that believe that our U.S. government was behind those attacks. It is not to far fetched that we had something to do with this plane disappearing. We are the only ones capable of covering up an event this big. And I wouldn't be surprised at all if this plane is used as a WMD on us by us. To get into a war with Iran because of course the only thing we know for sure is that the two men with the fake passports were from Iran. Coincidence maybe but something has been brewing over there for quite some time and what better way to get the people to back a war than to have a "terrorist" attack at say the superbowl or any large gathering of people to get the blood flowing and the citizens to stand up against "terrorists". And have the war that has been brewing for a decade. This is way more logical than a black hole. So in a year or two when Pres. Obama is out of office and the repubs win another fixed election....Pres. Bush look for some attack to happen in the first year of the new presidents term just like Bush's first term. This plane will be used as a weapon on American soil and it will be blamed on Iran and the repubs will have what they always want another war.
I agree with you on 9/11 but this is really stupid
If someone on the plane had a copy of Obama's Kenyan birth certificate that would explain the disappearance.
Until the plane is actually found and the cause of it's disappearance is determined, one theory is as good as another because each one is speculation with zero proof.
Maybe it disappeared up his black hole!
In my opinion Don Lemon is the best news anchor on TV. I like that he would even have the guts to respond to those who mention black holes on national TV as many people would write it off as a joke. Why not check out or at least consider EVERY theory until an answer is found. Mr. Lemon is one of the most logical, rational and competent figures on TV. Good job DL!!! BTW... I do not think the black hole was responsible for this one but if it was it certainly would not swallow the universe. If black holes did swallow universes than A. there would be no universe left and B. if there were no universe we would not have black holes (I am probably wrong about this but I guess who knows... certainly not this Mary Schiavo, clearly).
What are they smoking over at CNN? I think it might be time to come back to reality though.
You know msnbc was never on the rails, but for CNN their train left the rails during this ridiculous story chasing. It's really time for CNN to pack it in, they're done!
It's hard to say exactly what happened to this plane. It's very easy to assume this was a act of terrorism or whatever this anchor thinks regarding a black hole. I personally do not think either is what happened. My guess if I were allowed a guess would be that a electrical fire started during liftoff. Electrical fires can go undetected for about a hour. The pilot tried to turn the plane to the nearest landing spot and was to far out and crashed. I understand there are a lot of theories already out there and people turning this into a coverup. Since we really don't have a logical answer yet, the only thing I would suggest to a lot of you people out there. Don't get caught up in stupid conspiracy theories. People did that during Sandy Hook and they are still kind of making things up as they go along. Normally people who get caught up in those stupid theories are followers and feeble weak minded people.
I very rarely watch CNN because it's very similar to msnbc & the other cartoon networks in terms of delivering the "news". Way to left leaning for me. However, I have seen this buffoon deliver Obama propaganda on there before. He's a classless, egotistical Obama sycophantic nitwit & this just brings that home.
It's one thing for any media anchor to ask intelligent questions but lately some media networks allow so much #$%$ to be spewed on the news shows that it's really ridiculous. All these shows have been doing it speculating and putting on so called "experts" to give their ideas on what happened yet we have no way of really verifying what china or Malaysia are giving out as concrete information,. It is all about the stupid ratings and getting an audience that they forget that there are suffering family members of those passengers on that plane. Most of what is talked about morning, noon, and night on some networks and channels are just plain rehashed nonsense and not worth watching. These people on that plane have more than likely lost their lives and to me it's not that important if the pilot wanted to commit suicide or steal the plane. Of course we need to find the facts and hopefully we can try to avoid this kind of tragedy from happening again. I just want the news to give me the facts and keep me updated on reliable concrete facts and info and leave all the other stupidity out of it.
I didn't realize this reporter was dumber than a box of rocks. He should be fired.
Funny. A hamburger patty has e-coli and the government can track down which cow it was and which farm raised it, but nobody can find an entire plane that disappeared.
...or maybe a govt agency took the plane somewhere and executed the passengers for whatever twisted reason they have to do what they do. planes DONT just disappear. its impossible for that to happen w/ modern tracking technologies. it was a planned act obviously. maybe it just another mind control tactic they are employing on the general public. the powers that be are very, very sick. sociopathic in fact
Most likely it just crashed in the ocean and we just have not found it yet. I mean the ocean is huge and deep and it would be very hard if not impossible to find it if it crashed over the middle of the ocean and we do not know the EXACT location it crashed. I feel for all the families who lost loved ones and hope they can find it in the future!
I also remember when he went after the Wisconsin legislature for leaving the state when the governor was going after unions. His job is to deliver the news, not take sides.
Black hole? Really? This is beyond hilarious.
One of the countries government is hiding something!
The real problem is, there really are no new developments on this story. If something doesn't materialize soon, the alien abduction theories will start.
They already started within a day of the disappearance.
CNN Certainly NO NEWS: Wow what's next for this deep thinker? Global Warming and George Bush could have caused this plans disappearance?
I have turned off the 24-7 coverage of the mising airliner. I think all this speculation does more harm than good.
Thank you. Please keep us current on your future thoughts. Thank you again.
Now I've seen it all. Remember liberals and democrats these are YOUR piers. Lol
I wish there was a black hole that sucked all bigots, murderers, thieves and the heartless greedy in to never be seen again.
I keep waiting for UFO stories as alternatives.
Makes better "sense" than black holes.
First off a small black hole would not suck in our entire universe as that brilliant Mary Schiavo states. In fact there are black holes throughout the Universe and a Super Massive Black Hole dead center of the Milky Way. By Universe she must of meant the Earth as her small mind probably cannot comprehend anything larger.
Its not any different or far fetched from the rest of the garbage on CNN. They are all on mushrooms.
Hijackers have demands. They don't wait for you to find them first. It's not a hide and seek hijacking.
Don Lemon is an average CNN news caster AKA an idiot.
The wild scenario that someone came up with involving cargo was interesting. They suggested it was carrying gold (or some other cargo that the gov would not reveal?). Suggested the plane was stolen because of the gold (or ?) on board. Malaysia was less than open and changed reports concerning the devastating event. So sorry for the passengers and the crew, their loved ones, and friends. Prayers are with them.
Another shining example of why this country should hire and promote on MERIT, not race. Gave up on CNN long ago.
What we do know from reports now is that there were people on board with fake passports, there was more fuel in the plane than what was required so they were prepared to fly a greater distance, the radar was turned off from the plane by a skilled pilot and then made a sudden turn off course and proceeded to fly low to keep off of neighboring countries radar. From there the plane was detected by a satellite in the air for about 7 more hours. So the question I want to know is if the satellite would still be able to detect the plane if it had landed into the ocean, or is it possible that someone took out parts on the plane once they landed so as not to be detected further by satellites? I feel that if it did land in the ocean there would be a lot more clues floating around by now.
if you are supporting a crazy #$%$ theory like black holes you really need to have your computer taken away no more comacons for you and you will be forced out of your mothers basement and put to work somewhere that you cant hurt yourself or anyone else, like digging ditches.
Perhaps there is some truth to Admiral Byrds Flight over the Antartic. Documented in a book titled the Hollow Earth includes a manuscript of this long ago flight.
Whats the big deal? We have democrat congressmen that think islands can actually capsize.
it keeps its eyes off the real issues, it don't see what is really happening in the world, its a good lemming now watch as we can't find this plane, but don't watch while countries fall to invaders
Black hole? I thought they were referring to Obama.
Idiotic. What CNN won't do for ratings.
CNN, inventing the news instead of reporting on the news.
Yes, the black hole theory is preposterous, but Mary Schiavo's purported explanation of why it's preposterous is even more preposterous. No, a small black hole wouldn't "suck in our entire universe", Mary... There is pretty solid evidence of some much larger black holes in our galaxy, including the huge one near the center, and they rarely suck in much of anything more than radiation and a little bit of dust. From a distance, a black hole has the same effect as a star with the same mass, which is to say very little.
FWIW, the only Black Hole I know that exists is our Government...
Lol. No one corrected her! They just nodded and agreed. Pfft.
It is amazing how many people think a black hole no matter how big is some sort of galactic vacuum cleaner. Chris you correct at a distance it act just like any other object of the same mass except it emits no or very little light.
We still cant prove that black holes even exist or know what they are, people in 1000 years will laugh at our ignorance
She's not an astrophysicist and therefore not on the panel as an expert on black holes. As such, her diplomatic way of saying 'yes its preposterous' was spot on.
He should have just used worm hole it would still be just as preposterous but at least it would have been more accurate. A black hole is a cosmic vacuum of sorts, everything that gets near it is pulled into its gravitational pull, light, matter, nothing gets out.
Mary Schiavo should get out of the astronomy business.
I'm not an astrophysicist either, and as such I would have just stopped at saying, "Yes, that's preposterous." THAT'S being diplomatic. Have them refer any further questions to Stephen Hawking and Co.
I'm not an astrophysicist either, and as such I would have just stopped at saying, "Yes, that's preposterous." THAT'S being diplomatic. Have them refer any further questions to Stephen Hawking and Co. Nothing about being diplomatic calls for fabricating further absurdities when what I MEAN is, "I don't quite know." Come on.
Who cares. This is a discussion about a missing airplane, not a discussion about black holes and how they function.
That's true, Jed. Which is why, as Swamp Witch pointed out, Mary Schiavo had no business elaborating about the behavior of black holes when she clearly had no clue what she was talking about. It appears that she got the "yes, it's preposterous" part correct by sheer coincidence.
Who would be stupid enough to believe that the 777 got sucked in by a black hole? Just think: the logistics of it would be impossible. We'd have clouds in the near vicinity getting sucked in as well, giving way to odd satellite imagery. That leaves only one plausible conclusion: MN370 was destroyed by the Death Star.
This guy certainly is qualified to lead the democrat party...
As stupid as the black hole theory is, the response by the former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation that "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe" is 1000x more idiotic.
I think "the story" might actually be that someone in the news thought they were serious. Even a UFO abduction would make more sense the odds being, 0 to .0001. That said, I saw a UFO in 1999, in Yuma Arizona, which is why I can claim the odds. BTW, if you want evidence, and have Netflik, watch "Out of the Blue," you may become a convert. When so many airforce pilots and men like Gordon Cooper, say we're being "observed" and why he believes so, you gotta give the story credibility.
Here's a theory for you: A giant balloon (looking like a UFO) piloted by Dennis Rodman abducted the flight to harness the collective mental powers of the passengers to create a Utopian World run by Kim Jung-Un. In this new world people would do nothing but play basket ball and raise hairless cats. Just a theory but you you heard the former head of the Dept. of Transportation say she liked ALL theories. Brother... anything to fill up air time on CNN!
According to men in black Dennis Rodman is a alien. Your theory may be true. :)
By god, I think you are on to something bigger than us all. Would not be surprised if the government shows up at your house because you know too much...
don't say that too loud deepscuba, or Don Lemon might present it as a viable option on his show lol
deepscuba- hope you enjoy talking to Don Lemon on your CNN interview! Good luck!
Kim Jong Un? That's just crazy talk.
I read an interesting article back in early January about computer software hackers being able to hack into an airplane's computer & effectively taking control of it. Russia & China were emphasized because of the prevalence of hackers who are secretly employed by their governments. Chinese hackers had been hacking into US military & government computers, as well as NASA data drives. Russians seem to prefer the black market ID/INFO thefts.
I'm so disappointed that the world is full of idiots. Just plain, stupid, uneducated, idiots. "Something supernatural", "beyond our understanding"? Our government needs to put more attention on educating children in the S.T.E.M. subjects. The future existence of the human race depends on it.
I do feel for the families of the victims, but with all of the conspiracy theories getting inflated amounts of airtime, I have to wonder what we're being distracted from right now.
yes, you do have to explore the possibilities.
Mr Lemon has now clearly demonstrated that he successfully slept thru or was given passing grades in any and all science classes that he ever allowed himself to get even in the proximity of. In addition, with his black hole comment, he has clearly gained himself a permanent spot in the "Talking Head Hall of Fame".
I'll tell you what happened, it was an alien abduction. Little green men took over the plane and flew it to another planet. Hey, my guess is just as good as his.
This is why I don't watch CNN. They're moronic.
Mr. Lemon, I hear the unemployment line calling.
This Anchorman's brain was sucked up by a black hole. The next idea coming from a CNN news anchor is the plane and it's passengers were all abducted by Aliens from a Galaxy not even known by any Star Wars fanatic. The remains of flight 370 can be found in an empty hanger located in an area known as area 51,and all of the passengers have now been transformed into sheep grazing in a field somewhere in Scotland.
When tweets (twits?) become part of the news cycle, moronic stories like this become inevitable.
More proof that you don't need brains to be a news anchor. Sell news. Don't pass on factual information. That's the ticket!
Stephen King, Langolier theory. Brilliant! Taking emotion out of the equation, I hope that this plane is at the bottom of the ocean. For the simple fact that if it's still operational somewhere, it can and probably will be used for further acts of terror. Now to put emotion back into the equation, one can't help but feel for these families effected.
They are really desperate to keep this story on air aren't they?
I see what you did there...
And you wonder why CNN is losing viewership.
the theory that the earth is flat happened because so many boats sailed out from shore a wee bit too far and appeared to fall off the edge of the earth. Theorizing is what we do when we don't understand the details. It's natural to us to make sense out of mysteries. Perhaps this is one of the ways our brains differ from animals. We use complex language to try to figure things out. The trick is to not emotionally attach to a theory and panic or go into reaction which is harmful to ourselves or others.
Many countries are devoting a lot of money and resources to the area. If they knew what happened they would have told us or lied about it already. The fact that no one seems to have a clue is interesting to me.
Yes Sir. Straight from a Liberal news station. Remember this next time you listen to any political report on Obama or the rest of his buddies. Nothing but the Facts LOL
Only a stupid monkey at CNN would say something so RIDICULOUS. CNN only employs idiot Obama lovers.
The government shot the plane down because it was carrying a cargo of freeze dried alien bodies.The truth is out there but they don't want us to know.There you go. That explanation is as good as any I've heard from these talking heads on TV.
Black holes don't turn off transponders.
Don Lemon is weird. He became a gay after some freak molested him a child. He is obviously a little "off," and CNN only employs him because he does his best to be a good little robot fills in a lot of check marks for diversity hiring.
This plane's whereabouts has zero impact on my life.
This is why I stopped watching CNN years ago. They have become just like Fox News, pulling crazy bullschitt out of their jackasses and presenting opinion as "news". It is a sad state of affairs when BBC News and Al-Jazeera are the ONLY news organizations left on TV that actually use *Investigative Reporting* and keep their opinions to themselves in favor of reporting only the facts. When you have Fox News anchor admitting on air that they get their "news" from CNN, and CNN [like Fox] just makes stuff up as they go along, we no longer have that "Forth Estate" to keep the rest of the government in line. News should be News, NOT entertainment.
what is even sadder is that you believe Al-Jazeera and BBC have any more credibility than Fox News, which is the only news station presenting facts and not opinion...get a life, moron...
↑↑↑ The fact that you think Fox News presents "facts" pretty much says it all as far as your level of intelligence goes. Your inability to use proper capitalization, punctuation, or sentence structure just cements your stupidity at a level on par with that of a garden tool.
I'm more interested in the "small black holes would suck in our entire universe" comment. If that was the case, the universe wouldn't exist. And that was from the former inspector general of the DOT. SCARY!
Okay.....a couple of observations, here. Personally, my theory on the missing airliner is that this plane did crash into the sea. Something (unusual) happened in that cockpit, that caused those two pilots to lose control of the aircraft. The plane, probably just flew on Auto-pilot for hours until it ran out of fuel. My biggest question is: were any of the passengers & crew awake and alert, back in the plane's cabin?? And, if so, did they have any awareness of the change of course, of the aircraft?? Oh......and yes, Don Lemon is doing his job. He is a broadcaster. And part of his job, aside from reporting the news, is to try and build an interest from viewers, in the stories that the network is reporting on. They all do it, no matter which network they work for.
You and Don seem to be on the equal level of IDIOT!
@Mr. Sardonkeycus: while your dumb#$%$ is trying to hurt feelings that you could never touch (mine), there have been aviation specialists, scientists, and security specialists, as well as current & former airline pilots, on the air (CNN) since this whole event began, offering the statement that I suggested, as a possibility. What have YOU learned or have to offer, after having your head filled with all of that Goofus dust that they feed people like you, who watch FOX NEWS???
Okay I think I mentioned this before and probably somebody else too about the ongoing theory of the Bermuda Triangle. Has anybody made any logical feedback on that when it was reported long time ago? I guess this goes down in the hall of mystery with Big Foot and the Loch Nest Monster.
Funny how CNN will explore the idea of a black hole sucking a plane out the sky before theorizing that terrorists may have hijacked the plane?
It is this type of sensationalized news reporting that creates the mass confusion surrounding this incident, and damages credibility. A reasonable person knows one thing, the plane is gone and the passengers there on are dead. Why fan the flames of sorrow for the families? What is the gain here? Just being the first to say the most stupid of theories for viewers? What have we become, ad nation full of National Enquirers feeding on lies to escape our own pathetic lives? Sad, just plain sad.
I agree. There is only mass confusion because there are mass Sheeple...
Or maybe it could just be CONSTANT reporting on it. If there isn't an update on something new happening LET IT GO.
I swear if I was President I would do (s(hit( like have my secret service gather in Bumblesville, AL to some training exercises for no reason just to freak the American people out and laugh about it all day. It would be seriously fun.
With all the power and satellites they can detect an insect in north pole, you tell me you could not find an object which flies in the air with a metal sort body which can easily be attracted by radar sensors including 270 passengers? My condolences goes to all the families. But don't stop looking, this is obviously a trick.
I may be mistaken but my theory from beginning was that by mistake the plane was destroyed by a military plane and now they are just trying to cover it up.
these comments from the talking heads are nothing but smoke screens and rabbit trails for the public to talk about at the water cooler. Face the facts, this plane will reappear, new paint job, new tail number, and loaded with 'death', to be delivered to the U.S.
Breaking News Alert! As a result of Don Lemon's comments CNN viewership has increased a by a whopping 32%. All thirty two people tweeted that the Aliens from Scientology beamed the aircraft up to the mothership to begin the colonization of Xyphalion 3.
And they call themselves journalists, and news anchors?? Thank God I stopped watching CNN some years back.
It's painfully plain to see if you try: A Muslim crew member upset by the Chinese ship landing on island off the coast of Malaysia some months earlier acting out his anger by secretly turning off communication and diverting the plane with its Chinese passengers to its doom.
Suicide is strictly forbidden in Islam. Try again
Well, it is not suicide if the plane just runs out of fuel or the vest just explodes.
Just when you think you've heard it all. The next one will probably be an alien abduction. I think the facts are pretty clear.The only thing we know for sure is that it's at the bottom of the ocean. What is so scary is that we do'nt know what ocean.
And you know that it is at the bottom of the ocean how?
I laugh at the news channels grasping for stupid commentary.
If we never do find wreckage of any sort, would it be fair to rule out the possibility of a rip in the space-time continuum? I'm not too knowledgable on the topic, but theoretically couldn't anything that enters the rip possibly end up in a different time, part of our universe or perhaps even another universe? Chances are the plane just went down in the ocean, but it makes you wonder...
As incredibly insensitive as this will sound to the families of those missing passengers, this has been about the most interesting thing in the news in a long time. And as crass as this is also going to sound, for the safety of many, many more people, I truly hope that this plane met a tragic end - and that it isn't holed up, camouflaged, and waiting to take flight one more time on a mission of destruction somewhere. In either scenario, the passengers are likely all deceased, which is how I alleviate my guilt for hoping the plane is at the bottom of the ocean and not sitting under the cover of a jungle or sand dunes.
at least if it was hole up and camouflaged....unlikely because it's a huge plane and takes a huge runway to land and someone would have seen something. ......the people might still be alive and we might be able to rescue them. But that is unlikely.
Wow, what a theory, they forgot to mention aliens from outer space as well, How gullible can we be?
Don Lemon is black and gay. He can say and do anything.
Who knows where it went? Even far out explanations are plausible since they haven't found anything yet. The Bermuda triangle has swallowed it share, some never found. I don't like Don Lemon or #$%$ as I call him, but don't crucify the jerk for entertaining the idea. I guess every one is up in arms because if one has never seen a black hole then it must not exist. Like God?
no, we know that black holes exist, and we know how they operate, so that is the reason his idea is idiotic. The Bermuda triangle hasn't "swallowed" anything lately. and unlike black holes, there is no evidence for the existence of god.
With due repest to the families of this tradgedy, What Lemon SHOULD b discussing is how much is this costing the usa? With our economy still sputtering our countrys quik to deploy major assets to MAYBE find debris from a foreign airline. Aquatic life by now has nibbled everything else. Let's pay attention to the LIVING. Where is the gop about govt spending on this? They'll pile on poor people and long time unemployed, but a "mystery hunt", they are ALL in.
I'm no apologist for Fox News, but these comments by a CNN news person are an insult to educated people, all those working to locate the victims and the aircraft, and anyone with an interest in legitimate science. I am embarrassed for CNN. Lemon best slip away quietly and take a job with fellow nuts searching for Bigfoot.
I just want to know where are the families of all these missing people and why have I not heard any out cries from their loved ones.
According to your wording, the outcries would be coming from the missing passengers.
I know they are getting high ratings, but their around-the-clock coverage is beyond ridiculous. Meanwhile, Putin is taking over the world... All of this garbage is HURTING the families of those on the plane. OBTAIN SOME CLASS, CNN. This is a horrible tragedy and I feel for those families. They don't need ridiculous reports until there are facts. I wouldn't be surprised if CNN has a "breaking news - the water in the ocean is wet" or "we have experts on tonight to discuss the composition of water". They're going to start getting people who "knew the passengers" to interview - you know, people like the second cousin of the pilot's mailman. How much more can you POSSIBLY say about this issue? Considering the way information has been given by the Malaysian government, several of the "facts" that have been reported are probably going to turn out to not be true. It may be years before the wreckage is found. Is CNN going to continue this that long?
Does make one wonder if Russia was involved.
I recommend you break out a world atlas and study it for a while. One peninsula of a country is NOT "the world".
Yeah, this is why I just read the article ;)
Putin is NOT taking over the world; he's trying to keep the New World Order from taking over Russia.
Lou, it IS to the persons on that peninsula....
CNN , 99,99 % true! ops ... Sorry, 0,01
@Karol, I agree. It amazes me how many experts show up on all of the network news, yet none of them have a clue. I, too, am an expert, just like all of these clowns I have my own opinion on everything, the more ridiculous the better to thwart your reality, and the American people just keep on watching these ridiculous broadcast as if they are really reporting the news. It is the age of reporting opinions, while the world and country go to he!! in a hand basket. I feel sorry for the families, everybody needs closure.
The world is getting ready to explain the "rapture" of the eklesia. That event when the "bride of Christ', the "Church" or the "body of believers" will be taken away out of the earth to heaven in an instant to be with Jesus and God in heaven. The world's news sources will try to explain it away and not face the reality of God almighty taking out all of the Christians from the earth so the devil and all of his minions can run rampant around the earth causing havoc amongst those who did not accept Jesus Christ as LORD and SAVIOR. This event is going to happen soon. Bible prophecy says that it will happen after every tribe and tongue hears about Jesus Christ. In other words.....when every nationality, dialect, individual language group hears the Gospel of Jesus Christ, God will send Jesus to gather up the Church. Sometime either before this event happens of after God will unleash the prophecies that John the disciple wrote about in the book of Revelation. The different news outlets will try to explain that this event has happened as a result of aliens. Or, a significant scientific event. Which will be totally false. the taking away of every Christian that is alive on the planet earth at that time will be because God is so sick and tires of the earth being evil. His wrath will have been unleashed, the battle of Armageddon will have taken place. Israel will have been restored back to her rightful place as the supreme sovereign nation and we will finally have a Theocratic kingdom on earth. God will rule for 1,000 years and there will be perfect peace. I so look forward to that time as there will be no sin of any kind on the earth during that time. It will be so grand. I wish it would all start right now. PRAISE GOD FROM WHO ALL BLESSINGS FLOW. PRAISE HIM ALL CREATURES HERE BELOW. PRAISE HIM ABOVE YE HEAVENLY HOSTS, PRAISE FATHER, SON AND HOLY GHOST! To GOD be the Glory for the things he has done.
There is a super massive black hole at the center of every galaxy, so for them to say that a black hole would suck in the entire universe clearly shows their lack of good research(but what media outlet researches anyway?). There a millions upon millions of black holes and they have not sucked in our entire universe yet, so I guess their's is more powerful? Another quick note, the guy needs to shut his black hole and quit saying stupid stuff. 239 people died, their families want closure, and the media, which you know the families are watching, is now making jokes about the whole situation? Dispicable, just dispicable!
The NSA should interview Gilligan, the Skipper and the professor and get to the bottom of this.
A possibility, there have been many "mysterious" disappearances throughout the history of our country, planes especially. Of course as usual our Gov't always give some explanation that doesn't match up with reality.
It was the samurai. And he suffered a massive groin injury and is undergoing acupuncture treatments in Beijing China. ~Larry Flint
LOL, and you guys all gave me grief for jokingly suggesting this theory when this story first hit, now look, yahoo is writing about.
If "Yahoo is doing it, too" is your measuring stick in life, then you should just kill yourself now.
Sometimes I wish I was dead... maybe these cravings for cub scouts and well endowed black men would go away.
News people just crack you up with all the dumb Ideas they come up with when they have no other news to report or any new leads.
Wow... What a f'ing moron... Imagine if this came from FOX, the Liberals would be all over it... But a black, gay Democrats utters this insanity and now it's considered quirky...
Typical, of the MSM. What's new?
Come on guys, Its Aliens! We don't know therefore it has to be Aliens! I rest my case.
When you devote 24/7 to a single story you open the door for every crackpot thought on it eventually. I am sure that there are some tuning in now just to see how stupid the people are that they choose to put on the air.
OK, I bid $26 million dollars for the plane, and $50,000 extra for its passengers. Let the bidding begin.
I have a theory that both him and Obama are from Kenya...a slow school there.
Its so obvious what happened. Kris Kristofferson saved them at the last minute, and replaced all the bodies, then forgot to put the plane back in time. Its just the people from the future.
Sure are a lot of Phony Scandals with a lot distracting events to keep our thoughts from focusing one Phony Scandal. What has happen to the Fast & Furious, Benghazi, IRS and the NSA BS All news media is focus on this Airline. In 1912 the Titanic, in 1985 the Titanic was found, in 1937 Amelia Earhart disappear
Same kind of reporting fox spews does!
Maybe it was aliens, the one armed man or perhaps they were the only ones god took to heaven and now we are all that is left...... Wow! When in doubt the easiest explanation is usually correct!
Black hole? This guy is crazy. The only logical explanation is that the plane was devoured whole by a pterodactyl.
Instead of "black holes" they should be reporting other serious news, like Bengazi, IRS scandals, Fast & Furious. You know, all the things that CNN & MSNBC don't want to talk about.
Communist News Network. The nearest black hole is light years away, and thank God it is! The funny thing is some black people thought “black hole” is a racist remark! :) The combined IQ of every Demonrat that has ever lived is less than that of the average dog pile.
Are CNN's jokers (reporters) ever drug tested?
Planes crash and leave no debris, don't they? The Boeing 757 that struck the Pentagon left no debris. No tail assembly, no landing trucks, no luggage, no insulation, no wiring, no ... It happens all the time, apparently. They go *poof!*
I think the best coverage of what happened was on Ashleigh Banfield's show the day before yesterday where a simulator in Mississauga Ontario demonstrated the ease with which course changes and corrections are entered into the plane's navagational computer.
Anonymous: We're all praying for this people aboard this plane. Nobody knows what happen only GOD. But I think this people are alive, it might sound grazy but I really think they are. Don't be afraid or stonished there will be more things happening that will creep your skin, you know why? Because the end is near. ONLY GOD HAS THE ANSWER.
Nobody did not search close to Indonesia, the islands Sawu and Pulau Rote. Maybe the plane landed and crushed there or the ocean streams brought parts of it there. I am a searcher on maps for lost things and people.
Take a breath...there are black holes, just not here, there are many jet snatching natural phenomena out there, way out there in space. Right here we have freak downdrafts, people who take over jets, malfunctions in a million part vehicle, and lots of everyday real things that are just as likely to smash a jet to bits.
I'm sick of tuning in on five different so called news stations and seeing the same non-news on all of them.How about putting real new news on air instead of the same pictures and and any joe blow who will espouse every theory under the sun.I think the aliens snatched the plane and are dissecting the people to try and find out just what the"H" makes humans tick.
I said aliens kidnapped the plane.
A networks level of maturity/crazy has a direct correlation with what guests it has. CNN and conspiracy theorists go hand in hand.
Its not real crazy to throw that out there. Anyone else got any ideas of what happened to the plane? Now the weird thing would be if the plane landed at an airport 20yrs from now and the crew and passengers are not any older and have no idea what has happened to them.
I wonder what is actually going on that this story is trying to distract us from?
CNN's finally getting some ratings over this whole thing. I'm sure they're hoping it isn't found for months so they can keep up their wacko reporting of it. Even when this mystery is solved, they'll keep beating it into the ground, denying whatever facts that will have come out or planting seeds of doubt about the cause of the whole incident for ratings. It's also a great diversion from all the other things screwed up in the country.
What he really means is that the pilots were messing around with a Black Ho in the cockpit that cause the malfunction.
Remember when black Dallas County Commissioner John Wiley Price thought a colleague of his was racist because his colleague used the term black hole in a conversation at a meeting. His colleague said that a certain collections agency has become a black hole as paperwork kept getting lost in that agency. Price says, "Excuse me, it's not a black hole, but a white hole". Price is still the commissioner - in other words, people still vote for this dolt.
Don't know the answer to a question? Just make something up. There are always plenty of gullible people to believe you
'Global warming' made the plane disappear.
Why would anyone expect any better journalism from CNN?
Sadly, you have to be above middle age to remember a time when journalists acted responsibly and didn't feed the stupidity of the general public.
This is awesome entertainment (the theories not the tragedy itself). I for one think the Legion of Doom is to blame. Hijacked by Soloman Grundy, flown by Lex Luthor while Sinsetro parted the seas to allow for Black Manta to guide it into the Hall of Doom. Solved.
A small black hole would suck in the entire universe? Uhhhh I think not. Does she not realize at the center of the milky way is a black hole . Right smack dab in the middle of our universe. So she's a moron to say the least
The only black hole I'm aware of is one called obamacare. It's gravitational pull will suck the life out of America.
Maybe it was hijacked by fling under radar and is now being packed with explosives to be used in a terrorist attack. Hummmmmm???
Did these CNN reporters lock up Ted Turner in that hospital? CNN has lost all of their scruples! way too much coverage. 75 panel experts and counting. CNN has always made a mini series out of these stories. Hypothetical to pathetic...
Ok, if any of you can actually understand th article. Realize that the writer of this article is the one who is misconstruing what was said. The anchorman Don Lemon did not come up with these questions on his own. The questions were asked to HIM and he is relaying these qustions back to the scientists to get their responses. I hope that some of you can actually conprehend what you read....if you even read it at all.
You are correct Rozell. I was waiting for someone to point that out. Lemon was merely asking questions that were sent in by viewers of the show. Apparently the viewers aren't very smart.
They have to do something to keep people interested in the single most important story that is pushing CNN's ratings up right now. Before this story their ratings were dropping faster than the jet did.
If CNN fired all of their tactless, racist, moronic anchors we could enjoy watching the screen crawls in silence. It would still support only Obama but in silence.
The satellite contact at 811 am showed a circle that describes the location of the plane. Simple triangulation. If you take the distance flown and plot the distance from the last known contact, you end up with 2 possible locations, either off of Western Australia or in the area of Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Western China. How's the search going in Asia? I think we're being distracted while parties negotiate/locate the passengers.
Why would anyone want to ditch a plane so far away when they should know that it would eventually be found? Or, did it fly on autopilot after the crew and passengers were unconscious? The comment (if correct) by the co-pilot saying, "All right, good night" instead of being more formal seems out of place to me, or is that not uncommon for Malaysian pilots?
This is my theory. They tried to evade aliens by making a 90° angle turn.The alien spacecraft block all communication and use their cloaking device to hide the plane from radar. aliens finally caught up to them and captured their plane and got a first-class trip to their planet. So how does that sound?
It's nothing new that CNN is in the crapper right now…..and this is exactly why!! I guess Don Lemon feels like instead of being a real anchor he has to throw everything against the wall and sees what sticks…….what an idiot!!
Yes, a black hole could explain the mystery. It's equally possible that an unknown animal swallowed the aircraft whole. It doesn't make these events likely, just possible and should be considered in determining what happened and how to locate the plane. Sure, some ideas seem more absurd than others, but you have to consider all possibilities until you have more evidence to guide you in the right direction. This prevents the issue of, "We didn't think of that."
Well, let's see. Have we lost anything else like part of Australia or is the sea level in that area beginning to lower. Is Borneo still there? Wouldn't a temporary black hole suck up everything around and not just an airplane? Think, people, think.
Didn't the pilot say, "Alright goodnight?" Maybe it is a message with deeper meaning. Maybe he was really saying that everything is all right and goodnight really meant goodbye as in the plane was taken away.
These Loons are so obsessed with their poor ratings, they will do or say ANYTHING to get attention from the NO.1 Fox News.
This is just out of hand. What happened to news being covered in a responsible professional manner. I don't know hwy people can't accept that this plane went into the ocean and is gone. Finding a plane in the ocean is the equivalent of the needle in a haystack.
Is that the same black hole that the trillion stimulus disappeared into? Seems about 7 trillion has disappeared over the last 5 years - with nothing to show for it!!!
Please respect the passengers and crew and the citizens. coming up with your silly theory of black hole and linking it to a show of Lost, shows how shallow your thinking are! And for Christ sake, you are working for CNN! Embarrassing! This guy should be removed!!
I used to watch CNN all the time until I finally got sick and tired of their stupid liberal bias. Now I only watch Fox News HD, the ONLY station that tells the truth!!! FU!!
It would be more like a wormhole. A black hole could not exist small enough to effect a jet liner and not the rest of the earth. Also, she is mistaken about a black hole sucking up the universe. A small black hole could suck up the planet along with the solar system.
My intake on this Malaysian missing plane possible it is a Malaysian government conspiracy possible against the Chinese since most of these passengers are Chinese people. From day one when this Malaysian plane has been missing that, their government does not want any outside help until ten days later. When they asked outside help to search this plane.
We need new regulations to display flight path displayed inside the plane, so passenger to could see and the plane is on the flight path. Passenger could see what is going on and question the pilot, crew, etc. Any changes to flight path and plane transponders, etc., needs to be approved by ground controls.
Really a black hole. OMG! Let me guess another one that believes in Climate Change. People you don't know. The media most certainly doesn't know. There are only two possibilities. One - Hijacking Two - They pushed in the wrong numbers into the auto pilot. Now it wouldn't surprise me if a certain country already knew the location of the airplane...... Not to worry Obama, I meant Putin. We need to be patient and wait for real information. What has happened to intelligence in america? What has happened to good news reporting? Where is Paul Harvey when we need him? Today's news/TV It's like a mixture of two movies, Idiocracy and 1984. It would be laughable if it wasn't so pathetic. A black hole swallowed the airplane..... Lets see.... That isn't possible due to a small thing called science. I'm being kind because I don't want to hurt feelings. I'm from America. The sensitive Country. Where the president apologizes.
A small black hole would not suck in a universe. People who know nothing about science do not need to be talking about science.
That ridiculous everybody knows it was Godzilla! Come on people,I even saw physics on TV last night stating their thoughts!!! Grow up America, its bad enough having to deal with the incompetent Malaysians!
CNN NEWS UPDATE! We welcome Art Bell to the CNN news family.
Out in the far reaches of the earth, over a vast sea and large landmass there is an extinguished black hole, my stomach since my diet.
This makes no sense at all. Having the plane fly into an undetected Black Hole large enough to swallow the plane is about as likely as the plane flying through a space/time vortex and being lost in time, or ending up in that old TV series "Land of the Giants".
this plane was hijacked. the people that did it had this carefully planned ahead of time. it could of been refueled somewhere and be on the other side of the earth somewhere or it could be nearby. even if its found on the bottom of the ocean, it was first hijacked, the Malaysian people that were responsible for finding it did every thing in their power to throw everyone off but still look as credible as possible. they have already received their first insurance payment. that's pretty good for a bankrupt airline. I don't know how the rest will play out but what I just said is easy to see.
of course it was hijacked...most people can recognize that....well, those of us that can think...
I can't understand why nobody has even mentioned that with all the knowledge and equipment that the 20 Freelance Semiconductor employees had. Their business is cloaking of planes.Did they decide to conduct an "experiment" that went bad. Any investigator worth their salt would be looking into these peoples lives and homes for clues rather than confiscating a flight simulator of a pilot whose whole life revolved around flying and he was lucky enough that his career field was also his most loved hobby. Have not heard one mention of investigating these guys but they singled one lone aeronautical engineer who was a passenger.
Maybe the pilot was having a heart attack / blood clot / whatever, so the copilot had to take over & he made mistakes??? Maybe both the pilot & copilot were attacked & the terrorist hijacked the plane but didn't take into account that the fuel may run out so soon??? Maybe the plane didn't dive strongly into the sea but slowly & sunk deep??? So many countries couldn't find the plane, maybe we should just accept that it'll never be found???
Another wannabe journalist hand picked and spitting out anything to sensationalize a very sad situation.
CNN certainly hires some dim and unprofessional people. I hope none of the missing people's families were watching or hear those disrespectful and absurd comments.
I like Lemon, but this is idiocy! Did Amelia Earhart disappear into a 'black hole?' I have to wonder if it's just another idea by CNN to continue it's non-stop coverage of non-news. It was "diverted" in a suicide by one of the pilots, probably the co-pilot, after killing the pilot. It ran out of fuel and is at the bottom of the south Indian Ocean. Perhaps the passenger s and flight attendants didn't even know what was happening.
There needs to be a minimum Intelligence test required for all news reporters and anchors. Clearly CNN doesn't do this, and if they did Don Lemon would surely fail.
Most liberals don't know the difference between what's real and what's not... They think there is such a thing as a Utopia... Nowdays most don't even know the difference in genders.
Yeah, I think Bigfoot and the Easter Bunny high jacked the plane and flew it into a time portal to save the Starship Enterprise.
On Star can find my car. AT&T can find my phone. Avid can find my dog. Of course it did take over 70 years to find the Titanic, but much of that was due to lack of technology. All planes, globally, should be mandated to have external beacons that the flight crew can't touch.
Reminds me of the idiot reporter who asked if the meteor that hit the earth was due to global warming. LOL
Just the fact the plane went off it's path is strange enough on the human level, black hole speculation isn't really needed on a legitimate news channel. Then again, I'm no FOXnews loyalists, but CNN has been out there more than a few times since I've been putting it on.
Hey CNN, any other news happening around the world?
This is just a case of not knowing your science. If something like this happened, it wouldn't be a black hole. It would be a time fold which means that eventually, the plane will appear out od thin air somewhere..
They didn't completely search the entire ocean, so they cannot say it disappeared from earth, just disappeared from surface area.
Two questions for the experts. Could a stowaway occupy that lower deck electronics room, and what is the default heading for autopilot if no human imputs are made?
Did anyone actually watch the clip? This is not the anchors opinion, he said he was getting tweets and emails about a black hole and he asked the panel about it. No where does he say he believes it was a black hole....WOW people need to have all the information before blindly posting.
But then that would eliminate at least half of the postings.
This Black is not only a RACIST but is also a educated IDIOT! You can take Fox News and CNN stuff them in a bag shake it up and dump it out and it does not matter which one falls out first, both are terrible. The American public can make up their own minds without Lemon, Blitzer, and Banfields STUPID OPINONS!!!!!
The first thing it sucked out was his common sense and rationality.
When you know nobody is watching anyway you can say whatever you want.
I know where the plane is. As soon as you give me a reward in American money I will give you the coordinates.
This is the reason, I do not watch CNN. Not worth my time, I can watch the SYFY or the History channel for UFO theories and space stories. They rather be a tabloid propaganda network. No coverage of Russia and Middle East as every thing is escalating into a melt down over there. Putin scoffing at Obama and his administrations verbal threats of don't do that. It's another red line in the sand stance. What a joke. They could be a top notch network if they weren't so stuck on covering up the guy they helped get elected. Come on man, enough of the trash and report news like professionals. Give a fair aspect of what you report and let us decide if its worthy of being news.
Then I guess you REALLY hate FAUX.
If that plane had no more human imputs, what would it default to? Perhaps a heading to a magnetic pole, as seems to have happened over Penang. Maybe that's where the plane spiked to 45,000 ft, and an unintended pressure event killed them all, bad guy included, and the autopilot shifted to its most basic default...a heading to magnetic south.
This is what happens when the press is left to its own devices and covers a story ad nauseum on which it has no news to report. It started on the morning of the crash when, other than the crash itself, nothing was known. ABC had on several "experts" on airplane crashes offering up theories (mechanical error, pilot error, etc..) with no basis. Just report the news. When you know it. Theories are not news.
Oh, I was thinking of another hole, it starts with A, sorry.
He spared the relatives of people on that flight by NOT putting forth his REAL theory: That they are now being exhibited in a zoo,ON ANOTHER PLANET !
Just another reason not to watch CNN. They make it easy for us.
The guy was reading posts from his idiot moronic followers not making the statement himself so I guess Dylon the uneducated yahoo journalist is calling his own liberal party out. Dylon should be water boarded for being such an epic failure journalist and wasting my time.
He must be an Obama supporter.
LMAO, and I bet the executives at CNN can't quite figure out why they have lost half of their viewers in the last few years. They should do another story on a celebrity, because when I want enetertainment news I turn to CNN, not TMZ. Those executives make those hard decisions that deserve to be paid millions of dollars for.
Robert Murdock; yea, best theory yet, does anyone really believe that all 7 of the transponders - for hitting the water - FAILED. also there are millions who agree that bin laden is stashed somewhere. to many mysteries there.
Clearly a passenger was abducted by aliens mid flight that stopped/slowed time, then the jet crashed after the aliens left and time returned to normal. It can happen, I saw it on the X-Files.
Anybody with the most basic and primitive knowledge on the subject knows that nothing built by mankind is remotely strong enough to survive such an event.
While thousands lost their dear ones, they heart is bleeding and CNN Reporter is playing this nasty game to be gainig some #$%$, this guy must ask forgiveness for this JOKES WITH LIFE. STOP STUPIDITY GAMBLING.
Either the plane crashed or it didn't. All theories and speculation depend on finding the crash site or not. If it's not found I am afraid it was hijacked for a very illicit purpose as in a long distance "delivery system".
LIbs today will call for increased taxes and elimination of individual rights in order to combat the Black Hole threat.
And the republicans will borrow the money from China...like they started doing in the 80's
I long for the days when news was news and it was reported as such. I miss you John Chancellor, Walter Cronkite, Peter Jennings, et al.
The only remedy to further abduction of aeroplanes by the Aliens Through our willingness to make interplanetary link with the Aliens by our submissiveness to adopt their Universal Mathematics for Space and Time as our Mathematics hereafter, it should be our first step (If their first step is snatching away the aeroplane for the mankind to be submissive to their science, by making our science to be failed before their scientific actions) of making interplanetary link with the Aliens. So except counting or numbering of any objects, then surely we should moderate our Mathematics in accordance with their Universal Mathematics which is with new 0 value and new calculations. For them the left-side 0 is valuable as 0 to 9 = 10 for the Aliens. NB. Surely the Aliens will fight against the mankind, if they try to conquer the Space and different planets, like now our endeavour to inhabit the Mars without making interplanetary link and relation with the Aliens who are with many superior scientific careers. So hereafter the Aliens will make wonders both in the Space and on the earth like the present disappearance of the aeroplane. We are ready to furnish the detailed Mathematics of the Aliens, based on Space and Time. Contact us for our immediate email sending of the Mathematics of the Aliens. Our email ids: superscience_promo@yahoo.in,
Wtf are you talking about you lunatic
Just Perfect! Black holes and Aliens? What next diamonds on uranus?
Now, I've been saying for two weeks that there is a possibility (however improbable) that an alien UFO abducted the plane and the passengers by somehow incapacitating them for several hours while jamming most of the signals, and that the plane might already be in interstellar space. That is plausible; but, John Kutty, your nonsensical ramblings about some super mathematics, space, time and aliens are gibberish - I can't understand what you are saying or make any logical connections between your sentences - because there doesn't seem to be a coherent logical flow of thoughts there. It's like trying to read the gobbledygook book "Dianetics". Are you smoking something there, John???
This looks like the result of legalized pot... and it is just the beginning.
@Colorado then you've obviously never smoked pot. This is more like acid, pcp, or meth.
I think the reporter had something in his morning coffee.
this guy has got to be the worlds biggest idiot, he needs to suck a black hole.
Here's another preposterous theory - Obama is a good president. I wonder, could we somehow get Obama in the vicinity of Don Lemon's black hole; maybe it would suck Obama in to. There should be 'Lemon' laws against TV journalists like Don Lemon.
The greatest criminal tool / element in the world today is the US Government & Military. If you are not aware at this juncture, you will be shocked in regard to what occurs within the next six months... Kiss life as you know it goodbye. We have been sold out by the UNITED STATES Corporation in Washington DC. Do your homework... This IDIOT Don Lemon is one of their message boys... Lets blame black holes, lets blame Pakistan, lets blame Al Qaida. The US Government is a player here just like 911, Sandy Hook, Benghazi. Wake up America! Time is running out. They have offshored your jobs, stolen your Gold, and devalued your currency. Default is around the corner. Obama-care / Nail in the coffin. Oh, be we are in a recovery... My #$%$!
I believe in black holes, unknown galaxies and bermuda triangles (in more than one place) but I also consider the theory of a hi-jacking. The hijacking theory seemed to stand out more to me because the news listed that some of the members on board were associated with aeronautics as well as craft builders and engineers, if I understand it correctly. That's a lot of knowlege to have aboard a "missing" craft. Just as it is possible the plane disappeared or went down, it is just as possible that the plane was landed and possibly dismantled to be reconstructed at a later time...like Arsenio says: Things that make you go hmmmmm.
Can't understand why there has been no mention of investigating the 20 semiconductor employees to learn if maybe they tried an experiment in"cloaking" and it went bad.
Did anyone hear Schiavo say that a black hole would eat up the universe? Are there not billions of black holes in the universe and more importantly isn't there one at the center of our galaxy that we revolve around? I hope I am not the only one to think she has no idea what she is talking about...
Don Lemon has been a little into himself lately. I am surprised that CNN would even let him ask this outrageous question about a 'black hole'. Perhaps the top of his bald head got too heated by the studio lights. This is incredibly insensitive. Shame on CNN.
OMG the sad idiots that report BS like this need to be publicly shamed.
And some folks wonder why people don't take network news seriously any more? He ain't Walter Cronkite, that's for sure.
This guy is so far off! Everyone knows it was aliens! :-)
So this guy who reports the 'news' and is supposedly intelligent has, obviously never taken even the most basic of physics courses to truly understand how utterly preposterous and neglectful his statement was. For shame CNN for allowing this clown to talk to people.
Don Lemon I'm embarrassed for you. In the future Please stop and take the time to think before you speak you'll sound a lot more intelligent.
this style of "news" coverage is getting out of control. it's bad enough that 90% of everything has some political slant to it and is basically nothing more than opinion pieces, but a black hole sucked up the airplane? how about we just come to the conclusion that the gods were angry and needed a sacrifice, it's just as likely.
So CNN is claiming the plane flew up Obama's rectum? Interesting.
I wonder if it was one of those ACME holes that it flew into. Or maybe it was global warming that made it disappear. These anchors are getting ridiculous with their reporting on this story.
The plane got stuck in Mooch Obama's black hole?
The obvious answer is that this is Malaysian Lost. I wish I could warn them about the hatch.
An outrageous attempt to hype CNN's ratings. If it WAS a Black Hole, then where was the Black Hole in the days preceding the flight, and where it is now ?? Has MORE of Southeast Asia now gone missing ?
Its a shame that the media is turning this story into a joke with their 3rd grade level speculation.
J.J. CNN and MSNBC just reported it's actually their 4th grade level of speculation. Sorry.
Does that mean the plane is inside Kim Kardashian? No wonder she's still so big.
End Religion NOW! Childhood stories just provide breeding grounds for empty headed adults. The plane is somewhere (not at Vegas, black hole, Lady Bird Johnson's beehive hairdo)
Wonder is there really aliens now? A air plane just don't disappear into thin air.
.....PLEASE, overbearing know-it-alls, SPARE us the insufferable 'TUDES.....while UNLIKELY, it's NOT unreasonable to ask such a question - especially if one has an INKLING of geophysical dynamics - and it's of critical importance to remember that neither Earth's gravitational nor magnetic values are at ALL constant; as the late Ivan Sanderson, Buckminster Fuller and NUMEROUS Triangle researchers all discovered, certain areas along a fixed and regular set of latitudinal coordinates, exhibit DRAMATIC fluctuations in both at certain times of the year, which, as any metereologist should be WELL aware, can produce EXTREMELY violent storms and weather events (INCLUDING vortextual formations such as hurricanes, maelstroms/waterspouts/tornadoes and monsoons - i.e., 'black holes') that can EASILY rip boats, ships and planes to pieces.....
.....FURTHER, there are not one, but TWO such areas that could've so adversely affected Flight 370.....
Personally, I would not want to fly until this mystery is solved. As for wild theories, why not alien abduction? Stephen Hawking believes that we are not alone in this universe, not to mention so many UFO sightings even through history...
anchor Don Lemon, of the CNN (Complete Numb-Nuts) news...Well, now, Dan, if it weren't for all the messages, course changes, and whatever else they have on record (the other news agencies), I'd like you to once again show your ignorance of a black hole following this plane and annihilating it. And as for ms. Mary Schiavo, there are now thought to be millions of small black holes that will not eat more than a grain of sand due to their minute size. Damn, two Numb-Nut5s on the same show. Anybody think that science news ought to be given to scientists to speak of instead of non-nurds (I can spell it correctly, but that fits). Just another reason to not watch cnn.
It's clearly a mystery - the closure for the families is the most important part. The Malaysian's change direction constantly only adding to the agony the families are going thru.
If they spent this much time on the conflict in Central African Republic, or the situation in South Sudan, sadly the ratings would go down. I would like to learn what happened to this airliner just like everyone else, but there are other things going on in the world as well. Most of our news is too sensationalist. Ratings is the reason they keep droning on and on about it.
Only an idiot from the idiot media CNN would come up with that idea!
People can rant on me liking CNN, but I do with more than just their news, but documentaries more so. However, I lost all respect for Don when the Dunn trial verdict came out and he just blatantly went on and on and on racially baiting his segment and even bleeping the F-word while comparing his personal "discrimination" that he grew up with living in a upper esculent neighborhood in Atlanta. It was just so racist I had to turn on am radio, so this doesn't surprise me. I really like all the journalist, but he has not been of any integrity in real journalism. In my opinion. Thoughts to those suffering families and those of the families that saw this nonsense.
I totally agree with you... I have been saying this for a while now.. he is a joke to me. Just cant take him seriously
And THAT"S why he's on CNN!
I turn the channel whenever I see him on. He is a joke.
I puke whenever I walk into a room and CNN is on!
Not only that, Jason, but this freak loves to suckle, only he doesn't like bottles.
CNN blows. So does Fox, CBS, NBC, MSNBC, ABC.
He is more a politician than a reporter, that the way I see it.
Jason, you couldn't take it that he was calling the killing of an innocent young black boy by a racist thug what it was, an act of murder fuelled by racism.
More delightful tidbits from the Communist News Network.
Remember when headlines and news like this use to only be in rags like The Star and National Enquirer? Journalism is dead and has been replaced by show biz sensationalism trash.....
Saying a black hole could have caused flight 370 to disappear is as stupid as it can get.
Idiots; I'm sure you're a real comfort to the grieving families.
How about it just caught fire due to an electrical short. The fire knocks out communications transponder they make a turn to the nearest airport but suffocate prior to being able to land the plane. Auto pilot takes over flys for the next few hours until it runs out of fuel and crashes into the sea. It's a more logical explanation than a black hole or Pakistan.
It was a spontaneous black hole in response to a you tube video.
Leave it to a CNN reporter to come up with a theory like a Black Hole. They don't have anything new to report so they attempt to come up with a new angle. I just waiting for them to say the possibility exist that the Easter Bunny hijacked the plane so he some additional staff members to help with the Easter Egg distribution problem.
SERIOUSLY!! Why do you need a REWARD??!! That it disgusting. Ok, I have information on the plane and the people on the plane that everyone in the world is looking for but I'm not going to tell you unless you give me MONEY!! #$%$? What a stupid question!!
First off a black hole would not suck in the entire Universe LOL. There is a super massive black hole at the center of our Galaxy. Technically it could have been a black hole a little bigger than a atom although that theory is probably complete bs.
Exactly! That's what I thought was funny. The boob anchor was simply reading some clown's Twitter comment. But, that woman who suggested "...even a small black hole would suck in the entire universe." Huh??!! Wow.
It might even physically possible for a small enough black hole to exist that only has time to suck in the plane before it evaporates, nto sure, but how it that black hole going to be created? Theoretically an antropy anomaly might have done this, or such an anomaly might have turned the plane into a fish that fell in the ocean, theoretically.....
don't you mean a whale? look for the bowl of petunias.
Yes, Don Lemon is a fool for suggesting a black hole. However, Mary Schiavo's response, "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe," is also dumb and the Yahoo News reporter, Dylan Stableford, didn't notice it. If a black hole would "suck in our entire universe" the many of them out there would have already done so.
CNN, the brain trust of the media - nothing but a group of colossal morons.
If CNN stopped hiring people based on sexuality and race instead of intelligence and skills, we wouldn't be reading this article.
"There is a logical explanation for CNN's attention: ratings. Wall-to-wall coverage of the missing plane has given CNN a series of wins over Fox News in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic coveted by advertisers." It's because it's a mystery and news. And not a bunch of political pundits pointing fingers at the other party like is the "norm on FOX and MSNBC.
And you expected WHAT, from CNN ? As a propaganda tool for the Socialist Democrat Party, it's assigned task is to advance Socialism, ObamaCare, prepare and produce a docile and compliant population of sheeple to be ruled and used as slaves for the Soc/Dem Party. Same task as ABC, NBC and CBS.
If this does not show u what kind of MENTAL midget that CNN is using now days as so-called reporters - nothing will. Brainless and stupid as the come.
the problem with Mr. lemmon is that he still has a particle of grey matter left. but if we remove the offending grey matter the he will be cured.
CNN has mentioned that Hillary is qualified to run for president, par for this fantasy network.
That's ridicules. I know some have big holes but really, not that big...
IF, and that is a capital IF, wreckage is found off the coast of Australia, then #$%$. Which of these ridiculous cases is most likely? 1)Suicide pilot (or pilots) decides to fly 7 hours to nowhere, contemplating his decision, before running out of fuel and having it made for him? 2)Terrorists decide to capture hostages, but don't have a plan to land plane and fly it to nowhere over the ocean and lose their hostages and themselves. 3)Terrorists decide to hide the plane for later, but don't have a location to stash it other than deep ocean, since they don't have enough fuel to get to Antarctica, and if they did, so what? 4)Terrorists capture a "flying bomb", and after all that effort, instead of using it for a destructive political statement, they crash it safely in the ocean, miles from any population. 5)Someone(terrorists) or something (mechanical failure) disabled entire crew and passengers, before they could contact anyone, and the plane was an unpiloted flying coffin to nowhere till it ran out of fuel. 6)?
Maybe another time dimension or better yet David Copperfield the magician!
The success of the planes on 9/11 was due entirely to the element of surprise. Why on Earth would anyone steal a plane ahead of time and completely lose the only thing they'd have going for them? You don't have to pack a plane full of explosives when jet fuel will destroy entire buidings. It would make no sense for terrorists to go to all the trouble of stealing and concealing a 777 for a "future attack" when hijacking one and using it immediately would (and has been proven to) be much easier. Conspiracy theorists have no ability for rational thinking.
And I bet you and your rational thinking cronies still believe the WTC 7 fell to the ground because of fire even though no planes ever hit it or had fire balls jump across city blocks and imbed themselves inside.
CaptDuke.......Are you mentally ill? These idiots don't care if they die and you pack a plane with bombs or chemical weapons it'll be WORSE than 9-1-1. If they've lost it once when it reappears you better hope they make some kind of mistake and don't crash in your city!
Black hole? What a stupid theory. It's pretty obvious it was taken by aliens.
Is not Kazakhstan in that pie shape area. Since 9/11 terrorist had plenty of time to build an underground hanger to fit a jumbo jet in it. Think about it. We are masters of building high rise buildings above the earth. They are masters of building below the earth. Who says that plain didn't fly under the radar, land on a man made landing strip in the desert, go under ground and I'll leave the rest for your imagination.
I like the black hole theory better. It makes more sense.
I only said to my friend today that the only theory I haven't heard yet is that aliens came down and beamed the plane up but maybe I missed it - I didn't see the model plane - thank goodness. I've tried numerous times to help on the Tomnod site but unfortunately with so many willing helpers it's really hard to get on, so I'm just praying for a miracle and hoping this wasn't a practice run for something even more sinister. My heart goes out to the loved ones of those who are missing
Myself, I have been entertaining the alien abduction theory for well over a week now. Even shared that thought with a co-worker of mine....which she is of the opinion that it was hijacked and the terrorists who are responsible have bigger plans for the jet, and possibly using the passengers as hostage pawns. (and yes, I am joking about the alien abduction theory! LOL! But honestly, with so much time passing already and officials really not being any closer to an answer than on day one....I have a feeling that this plane will not be found for years, if ever?)
Yes Craig, he ordered 'Beam them up Scottie' - maybe this will be tomorrow's 'story'?
Yes you missed it, CNN mention Aliens a few days ago.
Seriously?! I was being flippant, I didn't think they would really say it!! Must have missed it because I was following the story on SkyNews live online, no commercials and considerably less wild speculation
Sounds like he is making fun of God. He will find out one day how real God is and not a "supernatural" being. I feel for these poor families and pray for them daily. Cannot imagine what they are going through not knowing where there loved ones are. If media would stay out of it and not give false hope to the families I think it would also be better.
Lemon is a complete moron, what an idiot! Never liked him before, will continue to ignore the show
I think journalism has fallen into a black hole! We need to see where these people get their degrees from and close those schools.
It makes no sense to me that the person or people in charge would take a path that had no chance at making it to land. That's bazaar, but not completely dismissable. After a couple of days with no word or sign of the plane, the only logical explaination to me is that a master mind plan to steal the plane was exicuted to perfection.....unless alians remotely high jacked the plane and scrambled the sattelite and communications systems to experiment or make them "super humans".lol If it is alians, lets hope it's the latter;-)
Black hole, lol. Stupid people. Next they say it was David Copperfield who made the plane disappear.
This is why we should hire people based on their skills and not their sexuality.
Has Don Lemon ever taken an astronomy class or at least watched a show on the science channel? What dying star is in earth's atmosphere? At least the alien scenario (which I would keep to myself without proof) takes into account that hundreds of pilots over the years have seen UFOs that can't be explained by known science. Since when to black holes form out of nowhere?
People, for the most part, are remarkably stupid.
Perhaps a very important passenger who needed to either be killed or transferred to a safe spot was on this plane and they just landed on a remote runway after turning off the transponder. The others were expendable due to the important nature of this person. The jet is being dismantled or destroyed. Love me some conspiracy.
"A small black hole would suck in our entire universe". She is not quite right about that. A super massive black hole would get a galaxies' worth of star systems swirling around it.
Shocking stupidity. Shocking. Anyone can get a TV job as a commentator. Anyone.
You can expect this from the liberal left mindset and their news channels.
We are light years away from the nearest black hole! However the disappearance of flight 370 turned into a real psychological black hole ( a situation in which there is a lot of sadness and very little hope)!
Publicity stunt for a new series Lost Survivor.
I have an idea... let's bombard the media with a tragedy not of our own making & hopefully they'll forget there are mid-term elections taking place!
That old wind flap #$%$ has no idea what she's talking about. It's obviously aliens.
I'm not saying it's aliens but, it's aliens.
It accidentally found a wormhole and is either somewhere else in the universe or in an opposite world. The passengers must be completely freaked out and trying to figure out a way back.
All those black hole theorists seriously need to get educated it was NOT a black hole it was a WORM HOLE and there is a huge difference!
Don Lemon is another real good reason to no longer watch CNN - they are left with these ridiculous fools after all those who want to be real reporters left CNN for FOX. What a ridiculous fool this silly man is!
There are no real reporters... ANYWHERE!
Don Lemon is a Moron to think a black hole was involved. The Gay has ovetaken his brain and is partially to blame for his bizarre thinking.
All this CNN talking head needs is a red rubber nose. Then he'll have official clown status. For now, Lemon is just an unofficial clown.
Lets hope a Black Hole sucks up all the media, starting with CNN. Put Wolf Blitzer, Cooper and Morgan in the front please, followed by their weather people.
Lemon's head is a black hole of ignorance, lies, and racism!!! He's pathetic.
Mostly for all the families, hope it is found soon, such A horrible thing for them to endure.
True. I can't imagine the agony they're going through.
I hope wherever they went that they come back soon.
there was a commercial flight in 1953 that disappeared over lake Michigan and was never found. It was in the news for only a day because the Korean War started the next day.
Lemon is an out of the closet idiot, period. What interests me more in this article is the tweet by Murdoch. Is his tweet sarcasm or does he know something the rest of America doesn't? Just wondering. Perhaps I'm reading it wrong.
Don Lemon gets way to much credit, he's a birdbrain trying to play a near genius.
allen CNN and MSNBC just reported that Don Lemon was sucked up/off by Anderson Cooper and turned into Lemonade.
So CNN is saying that it got sucked in to Kim Kartrashian's black hole. It would fit in there.
This is a perfect example of why 24 hour cable news channels have zero credibility.
"A black hole" Really! LOL, Lemon is starting to believe the poop that he's dishing! That's right up there with aliens (the extraterrestrial type), or knocked out of the sky due to a Godzilla vs Mothra confrontation, the USS Enterprise was 'beaming' up a whale and the 777 flew into the transporter beam, poof, gone! CNN here I come :o)
Remember when journalism was a professional respected profession? Now it's like any idiot on Twitter can be a reporter,
While it's unlikely, it's quite possible that everyone on that plane happened to be Born Again; and God decided to Rapture this small select group on the plane early ahead of the other Christians.
Now, before you give my post above a thumbs down as in my posting history that has to do with Jesus, the need to be saved among others; remember the Bible story of Noah. If computers and Internet had existed during the days of Noah before the Flood and if Noah had written comments concerning the need to turn to God, he would had gotten nearly all thumbs downs. Not surprisingly because only he and his immediate family were saved from the Flood by taking refuge in the Ark. Of all those who would had gave Noah thumbs down on his comments about the need to turn to God if such technology was possible and in existence; sadly, those among the rest of the world are now suffering torment in Hell.
You never know. Black holes, alien abduction, travel back in time...if the plain did not fall I just want these people to be in a wonderful and safe place.
I would start thinking that plane landed somewhere and it is hidden. What I would worry about is since there has been no ransom demands, what that plane later might be used for. Things just don't disappear in to thin air. Hopefully the passengers are all still alive and well. Of course their is my co-workers theory that the plane was picked up by a UFO.
"A small black hole would suck in our entire universe...." Now thats preposterous. Guess to be inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation you don't have to know super MASSIVE black holes exist in the center of every galaxy. A small black hole would have sucked in our solar system maybe. Guess the aliens took the plane theory is coming next.
Obviously Daniel, no one else on this small planet of ours is as brilliant or as informed as you are about those things unseen and as yet unproven. That's why it's called Theoretical Astrophysics.
CNN must stand for Credible News Never.
The only thing being sucked into a black hole is CNN and the idiot liberals that still watch it! What a joke! Obviously there are enough 25-54-year-old idiot liberals out there to warrant having the second dumbest black man in the country as their anchor!
Desperate for news that appeals to stupid people. I congratulate the media for the delivery.
46% believe the plane was stolen to be used in a later terrorist act. Nearly half. I'd say that THAT is more likely than the black hole, or that the devil, aka Satan, stole it to begin the End of Days, or whatever they're calling it now.
CNN, FOX and the like have the freedom to call themselves 'News'… Personally, I think they are more like Media Enterprises that seek to enrich their Shareholders through spending the least for whatever they can 'dramatize' enough to lock their viewers down on the couch long enough for the commercials to come on… I don't believe America has much in the way of 'News' anymore… We certainly have VERY little actual journalism going on. If you want to experience what real Journalistic News and a Free Press looks and sounds like, you have to look outside America to find it these days. How can we expect different..? After 30 years of rampant deregulation schemes in the name of the Scam known as 'Smaller Government'.., which deregulated away Media Ownership rules and did away wit the Fairness Doctrine in Media and set us up for what we have now, a state of affairs whee almost all Media, the Press and most Pipelines for Speech are owned by just a very few Gigantic GLOBAL Conglomerates which are beholden to their GLOBAL Shareholder's Financial Interests first and foremost… Do we still even have a Constitutionally Mandated FREE PRESS under such circumstances..? I think not. And, I think that multiple successive Congresses and Executives have in aggregate, violated the First Amendment through 30 years of their aggregate legislative and regulatory schemes which have ultimately resulted this current Media-Press Circumstance in America.
Wow, you refute your 3rd paragraph article in the 4th while managing to completely misunderstand the 1st amendment. So are you in support of a government controlled media as in other countries? Or are you in favor of the fantastical days of yore where press barons like Hearst, McCormick, and Beaverbrook controlled the media?
Dixon you obviously have not read or listened to Canadian news, which is much more concise, unbiased, international in scope and far reaching than US news, American news for years has reached such poor levels that it is only entertaining to school children
Canada, and Europe too, top to bottom, they're more informed about what goes on in the world and in our own country than we are.
Dixon… I did not contradict or 'refute' anything I said… The rampant deregulation of Media Ownership Regulations is what has taken America from a Country that once had a Media-Press that was owned by hundreds of separate, different and diverse entities to a Nation where almost all of it is now owned by 4-5 Global Corporate Media Empires. You call that having a 'FREE PRESS' in America…? If so, I think you are delusional. I am sure you would be in the streets crying foul if the entities in control of American Media were all Liberal, Granola Spewing Socialists… instead of the GLOBAL Corporate Interests which control it now. There was a time when one entity could not own all or even too much of the media-news sources in a town, city, state or the nation, and they all had to operate under a FAIRNESS DOCTRINE which ensured that the Public would have a greater chance to see, hear and read different points of view. So, again, I believe that Legislative and Deregulation outcomes regarding Media Ownership Rules made by successive Congresses and Executives over the course of the past 3 decades now, in aggregate, have panned out in such a way as to GROSSLY VIOLATE the FIRST AMENDMENT regarding a FREE PRESS due to the FACT that almost all of the Press in America is now so narrowly owned and controlled by so few GLOBAL Corporate Interests which are mandated by law to act purely in the interest of their Shareholders-- often, GLOBAL Shareholders--- meaning and including 'Foreign' financial Interests… That's how I see it.
I LOVE conspiracy theories!! they are so entertaining! I have an Uncle who is really big on the whole conspiracy things. When he chooses not to take his medication, he can go on and on about his theories. I love listening to him. I really shouldn't encourage him, but I can't help myself.
Stupidity must be stop, while human suffering happened because of some mistake. STOP YOUR STUPID INTEL GAME. Make it easier about this accident and sufferings of those who lost their dear ones.
Evolution is the only acceptable explanation for the missing plane. We must strike any other possible explanation from the school books.
Like I stated the day after this was news,I theorized that a rift in the universe opened up and the plane experienced a Fringe event,appearing on the other side of the universe that's so much like this one, but without obama as the president in the other side.
Millennium (1989) An investigator seeking the cause of an airline disaster discovers the involvement of an organisation of time travellers from a future Earth irreparably polluted who seek to rejuvenate the human race from those about to die in the past. Based on a novel by John Varley.
This anchor man is a fking butt hole, and should be fired, hes making lite of a serious situation and he should be ashamed of himself, the families of the victims should unite for his firing
The plane has landed somewhere!! And it was not from the pilot or the co-pilot but from passengers from that plane. No one is dead.. Now we have to find the plane and everyone should be involved.
And MSNBC theorizes the plane was sucked into a different kind of hole of which they are intimately familiar.
We need a black hole in Washington DC to suck up the freeloaders there!
Why don't they EVER talk about the passengers and "pings" from their cell phones. When the last time any passenger with a cell phone used it? Because they know those passengers are not alive. When that one retired pilot made the comment the pilot could depressurize the cabin to "knock out" all the passengers that is a very real possibility. Someone wanted that plane! They got that pilot who had that flight simulator to steal that plane. With money or with threats. That plane is on the ground in a hanger or under cover. You watch. One day that plane will be used as a weapon like they did on 9-11. It will become a bomb. Let's just hope it is not a nuclear bomb! They better hope they find it. But I don't think they will until whom ever has it uses it for the purpose they have it for. I can not be the only one that thinks this! I am sure MANY governments are thinking the same thing! They need to make ALL planes with transponders and whatever else was turned off made to where the pilots van NOT turn these off any more! Did they not learn anything from 9-11? WHEN will they learn? NO ONE is above the law! That includes ALL flight personel!
Wow, I can't believe I'm even responding to your lunacy. 1) Cell phones don't work real well at 38k feet over the ocean, and by not real well, I mean they don't work, at all, period. 2) You think a simulator is going to do a good job of showing what happens when you deressurize an aircraft at 40k feet? Do you think you even have that capability in a simulator? Do you think its accurate? Do you think the pilot could breathe if he depressurized the aircraft? I know what you're going to say, but they have oxygen..... Try breathing oxygen at 40k feet. It's not easy. So not easy, that the Air Force won't subject people to higher than 25k feet (even with oxygen). Why is a flight simulator even neccessary to do this? The guy had 19k hours of flight time, that's a lot? 3) How does one steal a 777 and no one notice? You'd have to fly over someone's airspace. They have RADAR and they would see the aircraft, even if the transponder were off. So all military and civilian RADAR operators from one more countries would have to be paid off as well. Then they have to land. At an airport with a 2 mile runway. How many uncontrolled airports do you think have 2 mile runways. None? So, they'd have to pay off one or more air traffic controllers at the airport and all the ground crew. 3) If the aircraft really did take one of the routes that are being claimed they are either in the middle of the Indian Ocean (not many places to land there) *OR* they flew through a BUNCH of countries' airspaces, including China. China A) would have known, and B) had something like 150 citizens on the country. So they are unlikely to turn a blind eye to it.
With everything that is being reported, it does almost seem like there is a conspiracy, and a cover-up. What ever it is, it has the attention of the whole world, and eventually, we will all know what happened. In the mean time, I'm so sad for all of those people, and those babies that were on the flight.
yeah black holes tend to appear over the ocean and suck in some planes from time to time usually they can be find in human brains though. sucking all the intelligence out of it.
My favorite was the sight of Don Lemon with a little model airplane flying it around saying something dumb. No idea what he was saying because I was in a state of shock watching a national "anchor" with a little toy airplane zooming up and down. Now that's television, people!
Little Donnie needs to stick to sucking #$%$, let the real journalists work fruity.
What has happened to the news? Are stations so desperate to fill airtime that they just start guessing at things? This isn't journalism, its like a bunch of old ladies sitting around a table making things up. Let's get back to this thing called facts.
Which is why guys like this are called "presstitutes".
They are dead...period. The plane crashed into the ocean or a remote island
If 0bama had an idiot brother, this is what he would look like.
Are the Supernatural brothers doing anything?
This is why I will no longer tune in to CNN...along with the NEVER ENDING reporting and 6 theories that they are reporting on concerning this plane. TOTALLY a waste of air time. To many things going on in the world to keep beating this story to death on their terms and ALL of their different theories. (Have I missed one where aliens are involved??)
Heere ya go, when you think this story can't get any more ignorant. A black anchor talking about the plane being sucked up into a black hole?! Let me off this ride, it's just getting to be too ridiculous and embarrassing.
I saw this the other day where they had the Peanut Gally slaves(NY Times etc) on and the main point they wanted to get across was that there was absolutely no reason to think it could be terrorist related. They kept mentioning that there was no need to think about it that I had to think about it. Now we are getting Black holes and "Lost" thrown in. Starting to smell like a cover up or either the Three Stooges are yet again in charge of Info. Also reminds me of how Benghazi was pushed on us by Gov and Uncle Tom Media as a random act that just came out of nowhere. They had to be willingly Naive not to correlate the terrorist act that was on the September 11th anniversary.
Well if it is anything like Lost I expect many plot twists and no resolution to satisfy the masses.
Reminds me of all those creationists believing the Earth is only 6 thousand years old... DERP!
I'm surprised no one has suggested alien abduction!
Hey Don. Can you see yourself back working local tv and doing traffic reports? Next time insist it was aliens that transported them to another planet....or how about, it was Godzilla that popped up out of the ocean and grabbed the plane and took it to the center of the earth...yeah Don...your credibility evaporated right before our eyes. You need to think before opening your pie hole.
I hope it wasn't Aliens, they crash to often.
People want so badly for it to be some conspiracy or terrorists or aliens or something.
Anybody else tired of conspiracy theories...
This the typical Left Wing mind set. I wouldn't expect anything less from CNN, or CBS, or NBC, or ABC, or Comedy Central, or Yahoo. These are all puppets in president stompy feets corner. Mind controlling the sheep by the masses is what they love to do. Yeah I said & what?!?
Yes. It really must be a black hole. And I really can't imagine why some expert didn't beat Rupert Murdoch to his conclusion that somehow a 777, apparently equipped with a Star Trek cloaking device, managed to fly unnoticed over some of the most heavily watched territory in the world, stage a miraculous landing in mountainous terrain and find a cave in which to hide. Slowly now, back away from the crack pipe....
Well yes martin, Murdoch's theory makes much more sense than a catastrophic failure over the most isolated ocean on the planet. what was I thinking lol
The plane is at the center of the earth, surrounded by flying monkey men.
A wormhole would be much more plausible than a blackhole. I had to laugh when Schiavo replied "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." No! Our entire universe has probably millions or even billionsn of blackholes. Our whole universe hasn't been sucked in yet.
My favorite theory is that the airliner was captured by an invisible/cloaked starship that sucked it out of the sky into its cargo hold. Of the wacked out ideas of what became of the airliner, THAT one was the biggest stretch, and I heard it in mainstream media news yesterday. It even outpaces the black hole notion, I think. Slow news day...
It was Marvin the Martian. The plane came to close to his craft and he vaporized it.
"A small black hole would suck in our entire universe. So we know it's not that. Actually there is a theory that micro black holes form all the time but because of their small size they collapse in on them selves fairly quickly. Not saying a black hole could be responsible for the plane missing.
This kind of stupidity is exactly why I don't watch CNN.
This is a little off topic, but this is at least the second time that I've seen Murdoch claim that Bin Laden is still alive and hiding in Pakistan. It's amazing to me that a person of his stature can make such a claim but it's not a story elsewhere, nor even on his own network? Would Bin Laden being alive not be the biggest story in the USA?
Not necessarily. I for one still think it's a bit odd that bin Laden was "buried at sea" according to "tradition". Give me a break. NOBODY among the SEALS are likely to the slightest bit interested in "tradition" for the likes of bin Laden's final repose. Likewise the fact that it could be questioned as to whether bin Laden was ever actually killed in the assault to begin with. Logic would suggest that if ANYBODY ANYWHERE on this planet knew bin Laden was still alive and in the hands of the USA, there would be an uproar of kidnappings, terrorist threats, and exchange demands until either a thousand innocent people were to die over all this or the USA turned bin Laden over to his sycophants...and That would never happen. I find the entire "burial at sea" concept to have been a HUGE boatload of spin and "settlement" for sake of Islam's more extremist followers' relentless assaults on anyone not like them. Feed them a good story and they'll stop looking for payback, seeing as how their hero and leader was "killed in the struggle" and "died a valiant death" and then received the "proper respect and interment" he fittingly deserved as a dedicated follower of Mohammad etc ad nauseam. I'd sooner believe bin Laden is in a cell somewhere.
@boris - The burial reeks of state department decision making (IMO). Secondly, nothing would fire up radical Islam like Bin Laden resurfacing to say "the USA lied, I am still alive" (I don't see why he'd willing lay low unless we have him in secret captivity), thirdly conspiracies always fall apart over time (if we secretly had him in captivity it would have leaked by now, thanks to Snowden).
deja vu again! i dont believe they are dead! but they are in purgatory hell. they are probably in somewhere in a very secluded or unexplored island in south pacific athoug. similar to a Oceanic Airlines Flight 815 was a scheduled flight from Sydney, Australia to Los Angeles, California, United States, on a Boeing 777. On September 22, 2004, the airliner, carrying 324 passengers, deviated from its original course and disappeared over the Pacific Ocean. This is the central moment in the series Lost and the personal chronological beginning of the main characters' exploits on the Island. Flight 815's breakup and crash was due to Desmond Hume failing to enter a code into the Swan station computer, causing a large burst of electromagnetic energy. Look for Charles Windmores he is behind on staging fatal crash. while john locke leading the survivor to a darkside of the force. mystery island is probably the ancient atlantis. overall they are in hell.
"A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." .....uggggh. Some one needs science. A small black hole wouldn't even suck in our entire galaxy, let alone the universe. The solar system, would probably be screwed, but it may not even suck all of it in. Black holes are not instant doom and destruction, like so many people think.
This is what passes for "news" today from the mainstream media outlets. There is no investigative reporting, that would be too much work, there is no actual reporting at all, generally it's repeating, parroting what they are told to say, or, as in this case, nonsense, or opinion that is nonsense being passed off as news.
Investigative reporting? They still do that? You better go back to the nineteen eighties old-timer. We don't care if the reporting is good or not -- or even accurate for that matter. As long as there is some neat graphic that summarizes the crisis in four words or less, and some cool background music, we will watch it. And if the anchor person has their hair combed just right and flashes off a few wise comments that have nothing to do with the information, we'll even force ourselves to believe it. So stop criticizing the excellent news that we have today, or go back and watch re-runs of Walter Cronkite.
Yeah T, how silly of me to think anyone wold want real news, or truth for that matter, today.
I guess fuddy-duddy is your new nick name. Better watch out! The next thing that will happen is the great newspapers that gave rise to the prominence of the U.S media as the world's source for truth and objectivity -- by putting it in writing -- will start going out of business. And the ones that remain will start streaming "news product" over the internet, written by part-time employees who were absent from grammar school the day they taught grammar. Thank god that's not happening !!!!!!
It's terrorists. No it's a black hole. No wait, it's obviously aliens! Please stop the nonsense now. They will eventually find something
Personaly, It is my belief that it was the same aliens that kidnapped Amelia Earheart and her navigator. They are probably on their way to the Delta Quadrent. The starship Voyager can pick the up from suspended animation in about 300 years. As good an explanation as a black hole.
If the plane was sucked into a black hole then wouldn't the entire galaxy be sucked into it as well? If there was one close enough, there would more than just a plane sucked into it.
No, entire galaxy wouldn't be sucked into it. There is a super massive blackhole at the center of our galaxy right now and we are all still here.
Internet news...they found debris...it's not the right debris...they found more debris...not the right debris. Who needs this kind of reporting? What they should be taking about is why there's so much #$%$ floating around in the ocean. Call me when you actually have a story!
Now that's funny a Black hole reporting a Black hole. why isn't that racists
The Cockamamie News Network has been out there from the beginning with off-the-wall suppositions about the aircraft. How does one fill a 23 hr 59 min day of nothing but Flight 370? About the only thing they haven't suggested is that Russian troops massed on the plane's wings and dragged it down. Oh, and George Zimmerman was eliminated very early.
I thought the "black hole" was teaching the Chinese about edjimacashun, not explain mysteries in 'da air up 'dere.
If it was terrorism, they would have already blown the plane up where it would be seen, or crashed it into something. Terrorists don't destroy things where nobody will see it. It either crashed and they just haven't found it yet, or it was diverted, landed, and to be used in something even bigger at some point in time soon. If that's the case, my guess is that they'd load the passengers back on, load the cargo bay with explosives, then dare the US to shoot the plane down before they crash it into a populated area. In either case, it'll make the US look bad... if we shoot it down, we killed innocent people and "didn't do enough to avoid it". If we let it crash, we let more innocent people on the ground die too.
Wow, great theory. I wonder how we would handle a situation like that.
I mentioned it and was called a moron in Yahoo comments on another news article. It's highly possible that this could happen. No one thought the bad guys would hijack planes and fly them into buildings either, but they did.
The US wouldn't let it get even REMOTLEY close to it's borders! Jesus people!
They were going to(maybe did) shoot down the a/c in Pennsylvania. They were going to shoot down the Payne Stewart a/c. It is already been discussed and known they WILL shoot down an aircraft.
Chaz.....don't blame these theory's! Some of them open up debate on what WOULD WE DO if some of these were to happen!
Chaz, it wouldn't have to get anywhere near the US mainland, just either a holding, or any major city within flight range, then dare the US to shoot it down. I can't think of any other country they'd want to mess with as much as us.
There could be any thing, wormhole? kidnapped and taken to populate mars? Time warp ? who knows but the families are the ones who are having it hard right now, I know I would never give up ,,, there has to be an answer ... is someone covering up something? at least if it is being covered up the families need our support and not give up either .
I just saw an episode of Twilight Zone where a plane went through a time portal and ended up in prehistoric times, they then had to fly back through the portal to get back. Why hasn't anyone suggested this as an answer? They could even pull up the old Twilight Zone episode to show how it could happen and what needs to be done for them to get back.
All of us here at the asylum realize what a genius Mr. Lemon is...we all put on our aluminum foil hats and some of us even put rubber bands on our feet so we don't get sucked into a black hole too! If we don't support Mr. Lemon's idea I'm afraid he might commit suicide by sticking his elbow too far into his ear...
After this incident, the most likely outcome will be that the US government will require Boeing, the French government will require Airbus, and every other manufacturer of airliners to install GPS tracking devices on every plane they produce, similar to the Lo-Jack system that people can now get on automobiles. Each one would be installed somewhere in the aircraft in a location not accessible to anyone while the plane is in flight, so no one on board can damage or tamper with it. Actually, the government(s) will probably require all current airliners to be retro-fitted with such devices so this can't happen again.
And we passengers will have to foot the bill, of course. An extremely inflated bill.
Your idea makes so much sense that I am amazed that it hasn't been required before. And why would a commercial airliner be allowed to turn what tracking devices off they did have. I am still unclear on that.
...but would that work in a black hole?
and that the black boxes record 24+ hours not 2 and have gps tracking on them.
There's no wreckage or pieces of the plane floating in the ocean. The plane just vanished into thin air. Why can't anyone solve this mystery? I'm stumped.
That already exists, Airlines don't want to pay the fee to track the planes.
Tracking devices have been on planes for decades. Didn't you read, it was disabled.
Commentor........I've got one better than that and I thought about this a year ago. NASA can see what goes on in a spacecraft so why can't planes have the same system set up where there's a camera and even if communications (radio) gets shut down control tower would be able to see if plane was hijacked? Makes perfect sense to me!
Virginia, the government and the airline industry have been talking about putting cameras in cockpits since 911. Some have done it while others stalled because of objections by the pilots' union. It was sort of like the idea of allowing the air crews to carry firearms in the cockpit. Many ideas put forth to stop hijackings but get bogged down in bureaucracy. Eventually, the GPS tracking devices and cockpit surveillance cameras will be installed but it will just take, money and the pressure of the flying public to make it happen.
"take TIME, money and the pressure of the flying public."
Reporting about reporters seems to me to be a waste of time and space.
Or a space-time vortex or a meteor or a satellite or abducted by aliens but most likely it has landed somewhere.
Why even ask that question. Of course it's ridiculous and impossible. Anyone with any science knowledge greater than that of a 5th grader would know it couldn't have been a black hole. "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." Sigh! Humanities universe, yes it would. The entire universe, not a chance in hell. Please, if you are going to ask science questions, have a REAL F'ING SCIENTIST on the show.
What about a rip in time, another dimension? Before you answer that, don't think with your 3D brain. Think beyond that.
"A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." is she on crack?? Little elementary school kids know that there are black holes in the all through out the universe. And this woman is a former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation. WOW!!!!
What a wild, foolish, ignorant statement. Who does this guy think he is, Obama?
Black hole? Thought he was talking about Michelle.
Uh, why didn't him suggesting god was responsible get this much news? Black hole theory is far more credible. Both are completely stupid but we at least know that black holes exist and can easily demonstrate that.
Think about it folks, a 600,000 lb plane just disappears. The pilots defected and this was extremely well planned. It's in the middle east for sure, just my opinion.
Nope... the plane crashed in the ocean. Whether an accident or intentional remains to be determined but the most rational explanation is a crash. A Boeing 777 can easily get lost in the Southern Ocean, but not so much in Pakistan.
Libby news-speculation outlets are perfect for all the sheep who barely graduated high school...
I think the density of the Mangosteen technology was too great and collapsed into a quantum singularity consisting of all nitrogen, oxygen, and helium with a hint of black body radiation on the side.
i dont have cable television, but did southpark do an episosde on the missing plane yet?
They have proof the plane flew for 7 hours. The plane is in the middle east folks, probably Pakistan or Iran. No one has claimed terrorism yet because they haven't done anything yet. I would say our govt knows exactly where it is.
I cant figure out why not a single report or news channel / newspaper has discussed the lack of cell phone calls..... a hundred people with cell phones yet not a single message or call home? Remember all the calls made when terrorists attacked on 911....? How is this possible to have ZERO calls unless something happened immediately to take the plane down? Terrorist couldn't have collected every cell phone on the plane before at least few text got out - doesn't this alone pretty much shoot down any terrorist plot? Why isnt this being addressed?
Easy. Because there is no signal up there at 35,000ft. The pilots can turn off the signal it gets from the aircraft so there can be no internet or calls. Also in 9/11 they can phones on the seats of every seat.
I suspect he was told to ask that question. He opened with "I know it's preprosterous, but ...." I can envision a meeting beforehand with him begging "Please don't make me ask if it was sucked up into a black hole! I'll look like an idiot!" LOL At any rate, it speaks more to their perception of their audience than anything.
Four thousand comments, but they're all hired shills, and you know that because not one of them mentions Diego Garcia.
But as it is still a highly classified Navy Base you would have known within hours of its landing. Sorry run up another kite that one won't fly. I still maintain the theory put firth last week, the pilot and/or co-pilot are Al Qaeda, as perhaps are some of the “high ranking” Malaysian officials who are throwing up “smoke screen” after "smoke screen.” India said it flew into their airspace and then retracted that. It is in the hands of Al Qaeda in Pakistan with the aid of person or persons in India. Although India and Pakistan have rattled their sabers at each other often since Great Britain divided them and made two nations in 1947 they still cooperate when it is in their mutual interest. And with Al Qaeda ever growing on India's border it is in their interest to cooperate. CPO, USN '58-'87 CPO
I think Lemon has fantasized over one too many 'black holes' since leaving the closet.
This guy should never work for a "news" agency again. If I owned CNN I would have called and had him fired while he was on the air.
Gravity, the only factor that is guaranteed on this plane.
As Russia marches into the Ukraine...and all important news stories get ignored by CNN...we now have 24/7 coverage of a story that there is only a thimble's worth of news. The reason they are dwelling on this story is that for the first time in any memory they are actually getting bigger ratings than FOX...Fox...who apparently was covering all news...was forced this past week to also dwell on a news story that had no news. Don Lemon has been babbling for two weeks now basically about nothing. The "expert" guests are flinging all kinds of stories both plausible and downright insane. The guests are beaming as they see the $$$$ coming into their accounts for being on the air. By far CNN is the worst of all. Forget the important other issues on the planet..just keep blabbing about zero..who is watching? Stoned individuals from Colorado and Washington I guess.
So because you perceive activities of two foreign countries in a tiny peninsula in the Caucasus to be important, no one should be allowed to cover anything else? Got it.
wallyboy; great post - couldn't have said it better, BENJAMINR. what a stupid post. I also have noticed that cnn runs 24/7- but says NOTHING new,
Wallyboy - Since you know with such minutia what CNN is broadcasting, does that mean you're glued to it?
Wallyboy, I certainly got a good laugh out of your post, because its so true! Lets face it CNN never has been worth a sht. Same ole agenda driven propaganda since they first aired. Most people enjoy a good mystery, so how could you go wrong? The same as all of the other media outlets, this is a prime opportunity for everybody who know absolutely squat about what happened to get some face time and talk about "what if?", "how come?", "what the F?". I'm waiting for Leslie Nielsen to show up as an "expert", "I played a pilot in the movie Airplane"! I'm amazed how these "urinallist" can babble so much flatulence, and say nothing! So are they attempting to dazzle us with brilliance, or baffle us with bs?-both I think! How about those ratings? LOL, when you have only have 1000 viewers and add 75, your ratings are going to go up substantially! Otherwise their ratings are usually lower than whale poop.
Adam: First, that isn't true. Second, is your remote control broken? You don't like what they're broadcasting, change the channel. Freedom is grand.
The passengers with the crew are still alive. You cannot get them back. But you can communicate with them through the Aliens under whose custody they are. John Kutty
I think it flew to the Bermuda Triangle and was sucked into it.
All Bruce ...you want cheese sandwich wit dat....
There's that saying "I have become more stupid for watching this". Well, if you watched this and believed that idiot woman when she said "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe", then you have truly become more stupid.
Seriously? You invite a former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation on your show to ask her if the plane flew into a black hole?!?! She should have told him that it was more likely to have become lost in that gigantic hollow space in his head.
Why is there always a dollar sign to everything these days?
CNN and MSNBC reported over the last week that they have too many Birdbrains working for them, but that's okay, because those watching them every day are a bunch of WoodPeckers. Don Lemon Confesses on CNN he likes Woodys-Pecker.
Hey it was on a simpsons episode, so it must be true. The plane crashed and the Malaysian govt. is incompetent in it's handling the situation. The search teams are not looking in the right location.
it probably back at the airport waiting for a gate
24 hour coverage of one subject is going to result in a bit of nonsense. Two weeks after the disappearance of the plane and no answers; What do you expect from the prompter readers when they have a moment to speak?
THE REASON THEY KEEP CHANGING STORIES IS BECAUSE THEY DONT WANNA GIVE GOD CREDIT BUT ONE THING I KNOW GODS GONNA GET HIS GLORY AND IAM SO GLAD WHAT DADDY SAID EVERY KNEE SHALL BOW IN THE COMING OF HIS SON SO BIG TIME PEOPLE GET READY YOU ARE ABOUT TO SEE WHOS IN CHARGE REMEMBER THE BOTTOM IS COMING TO THE TOP AND THE TOP TO THE BOTTOM POUR WATER IN A DRINKING GLASS AND SEEHOW IT RISES TO THE TOP SO WHATS ON THE BOTTOM IS GETTING READY TO RISES GOD SAYS ARISE UP
I am a Catholic, and I beg you please stop making Christians look stupid. Please, stop paying your internet bill.
TIME WILL TELL THE DAYS ARE NUMBERED
WHAT DO THAT MEAN YOU A CATHOLIC YOU THE ONE MAKING CHRISTIANS LOOK STUPID YOU ARETHE ONES MESSING WITH THOSE LIL BOYS IN CHURCH AND YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED THIS IS TO YOU ANDY
Affirmative action at it's best... Yes, this is why the pilot turned the transponder, squawk codes and radios off lastly because they were headed for an imaginary black hole. Do you even understand what a black hole is? It's the author of this story....LOL
I'd bet that Lemon still thinks the plane went down because of exploding lithium batteries. he spent a lot of time on that theory the other day.
Grasping for straws. CNN has turned this into a three ring circus and Its beyond nauseating.
What if everyone is dreaming. We are all sleeping and having a dream about a lost airplane. And then we wake up and ponder the dream. Or how bout The plane id number was one number off and the plane landed safely at its destination at a different gate than the families were waiting for it. There never was a plane with the numbers we are looking for. So we are looking for a plane that never existed. What if superman's evil twin carried the plane to Crypton, but the planet wasn't there and so he left it abandoned in space. What if God turned the plane to dust. What if that actor in Honey I shrunk the Kids, shrunk the plane and it landed safely in the jungle on a banan leaf. What if aliens are refueling it every 8 hours andd it is still in the air. What if Will Robinson used a tractor beam to draw the plane to the moon or the plane was beamed and transported to Saturn. What if the plane is so shiny that the sky reflects off it so we can't see it. What if it landed and it is some new fold-up plane like a fold-up bike or a fold-up canoe and some passenger just waked away with it. What if one of the passengers was a little leprechan and hid the plane inside a cloud. Just saying. Anything is posible.
They're always after me Lucky Charms!!!
behind on payments and the repo man flew up and towed it to the bank?
What if you are only dreaming that we are all dreaming of a missing plane? How will you know when you are awake, or just dreaming that you are awake? You are dreaming that I responded to this post that you dreamt that you posted!
"There is a logical explanation for CNN's attention: ratings. Wall-to-wall coverage of the missing plane has given CNN a series of wins over Fox News in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic coveted by advertisers." CNN is living in a fantasy world if they think there rating are going UP over this coverage. truth is that no one knows what happened and CNN is trying to be different. what's next, a crystal ball? idiots. keith
it is ridiculous to think a black hole took the plane in but it is even more ridiculous to say "a small black hole would suck in our entire universe". there is a supermassive black hole in the center of our galaxy. our solar system orbits it. scientists believe all galaxies have a black hole as their center. small ones can gobble up the whole universe? no.
Bribes must have been paid in every aspect to help in the disappearance of the Airplane. For example: making sure there was more fuel put in the plane than normally needed.
And these idiots wonder why they have so few people watching them.
It is a stupid theory but to get the facts straight, a black hole would not suck in the whole universe. Not even close. There is a very large black hole in the center of our galaxy and it doesn't even suck in the galaxy.
well...I'm guessing here that Don..is a Lemon...people..you NEED to understand the Malaysians are separate from their govt...53% of us voted to boot out this regime a year ago...any comments you make must separate malaysian "govt" and malaysian "people"...and hello...there are Muslims, Hindis, Taoist, Confusionist, Buddhists, Bahais, paganist, aboriginies, Sarawakians, Sabahans etc etc in Malaysia..the official religion may be Muslim but then, there are the rest of us..as a nation who doesn't want anything to do with that idiot transport minister, we fully believe and support the pilots..it's hard to explain why we are not terrorists as a people but we are not..Capt Zaharie was most probably a hero and Fariq is 27 year old kid who likes girls..hold that against him will ya...Anwar Ibrahim whom the Capt supports is like the least person you would link to terrorism..please use Google ok..there's reason why Google is there...the plane looks like it has crashed and most probably because of mechanical or hijacking reasons and we Malaysians laugh at the hijacking theory? who the fudge wants to hijack us??? please don't watch CNN spinning stories for ratings..think abt how much they are spinning on everything else like Crimea...Lemon sucks
oh christians in all their denominations, I forgot to write that
A guy in a cave on the other side of the planet pulled of 9/11??? Now that is a WILD conspiracy theory.
Almost as wild as a man with no kidneys living years in the wilds of Afghanistan.
Can we please tell the news media not to hire and support the profoundly ignorant in the name of profit. They have a fiduciary responsibility to the nation we call America which gives them a playpen to do this called freedom of speech. I feel they have a responsibility for that right.
typical, typical - unfortunately many still rely on this poor excuse for daily news.
Mary Schiavo is an idiot. There are MILLIONS of black holes in our universe, not to mention the MASSIVE black hole that is at the center of the milky way galaxy. Literally EVERY galaxy has a black hole that is rated as massive or super massive. I'm not saying that I agree with the black hole theory, it's just stupid, but I AM saying that Schiavo is straight stupid. There are NO black holes that could even come CLOSE to consuming our entire galaxy, let alone our entire universe.
You noticed her comment also. Well knowledge of Cosmology is not necessary for a government job I guess.
And yet CERN, or a scientist therein, have publicly stated that they could produce a multitude of micro-black holes. Let us, er hope, that Don isn't correct. Certainly the path of any such produced entities would take them toward Australia.
I was going to slam her, but upon further research (Flying Blind, bemoaning the FAA's interest in protecting airline passengers), I think her heart's in the right place. But it does remind me of how troubling it is how little importance we place on scientific literacy:(
So, you're giving this 'news' caster a free pass for his idiocy? If he were on Fox, they haters would be all over him......but instead, you all attack the individual who pointed out his idiocy?
How many of you are old enough to remember when news was reported by journalists and was not entertainment for the purpose of diverting attention from what is actually important?
How about authorities come out and say that they dont know what happened? Sounds honest to me.
well in all fairness, the authorities HAVE been saying that....its the 24/7 news people trying to fill airtime that are coming up with this nonsense.
I think it's time to give this story a break. At least until there are some actual facts to report.
The plane is at the bottom of the ocean while the sea life eats on what is left of the passengers. End of story.
Just another pretty face with an empty shell behind it.
"When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth," Sherlock Holmes
All of this coverage is so unprofessional. From beginning to end. Imagine what they are doing to these families.
I'm wondering now if they should consult Chris angel on this disappearing act.
Someone on the plane was watching an old Star Trek movie or show & the famous words of "Beam me up Scotty" was uttered & overheard my an alien on a Mother Ship, so there you go. Seriously though, I feel bad for everyone that had relatives or friends on that plane
It was a Romulan bird of prey that used it's tractor beam to grab them.
Wow, the libs of this country are truly stupid. First, they vote and support Obama - who is against everything American, now they think black holes are zapping up airplanes.
This is what comes from our federally funded dumb downed education system.
Federally "dumb downed" education system, LOL. You should get together with Fred. Great minds need each other.....
Oh please don't start with the wild theories about the plane. I'm sure a black hole didn't turn the plane around and fly it in the opposite direction it was flying. The news media today spend more time trying to make news than they do just reporting it.
I wonder which passenger is going to be the one pushing the button now. Once they get to the island.
If there had been a black hole then there would have been a lot more stuff missing! We should send all of these "reporters" to find it!
It was Gremlins! It was a Unicorn being sucked into the engine! It was ghosts! To throw something like this out there, with so many families suffering shows me that this jerk is looking for ratings and could care less about the REAL NEWS!! Completely tasteless, shoddy, and reckless "journalism". And CNN wonders why it is losing the ratings battle! Tell the news! Do not make up BS headlines because your ratings stink!!
My favorite theory is gas bubbles. If a large release of gas lighter than air happens below a plane, it will actually cause it's flight to change. You can test this with helium and a paper plane and a fan. hook the plane onto the fan with a string and turn the fan on so the plane is "flying". Then release helium a bit in front of the plane (so the helium will reach the plane) and you'll notice a disruption in the planes flight path. It's really neat but requires a lot of helium or other lighter than air gas. Either way it's theorized that this could cause the plane to loose control. This is all a theory for lost ships. You can experience it first hand by making a small boat and putting it in a tank then filling the water with bubbles (with a compressor or something). It will sink the ship.
Methane gas bubbling from the ocean floor is a prevalent theory for why planes and ships disappear in the Bermuda Triangle.
You didn't experiment with nitrous oxide did ya??
Folks, don't get all excited and bring out the scientific facts about black holes. This was only CNN, not real tv news.
lemon also said many people were stopping him on the street and asking about super natural explanations. He had to have totally made that up so has to benefit his own stupidity
Anybody familiar with CNN ought to know that you could expect ANYTHING from Don Lemon. He' just about the dumbest person sitting in front of a camera today.
So knowing only 2 Americans were on this NON AMERICAN Maylasian plane, Why throw the might of tha American gov. the fbi the navy and taxpayer funds into the fray. But nary a concern about our Amb. in Benghazi, That was NO BIG DEAL to the wench eveybody wants for pres. Oh I forgot shes not going to be pres because of her ability to lead,But just because she is a woman. Kind of like Obama being there not because he can lead but because hes BLACK!
Oh please, go somewhere else to worry about your precious money, you fool. What about the idea of it being a humanitarian effort? Huh? Oh, just because there are only a few Americans on board, we should tell the rest of the world to #$%$ off? Idiot.
Did Glenn Beck tell you to say that?
To bad Vickster does not feel as HUMANITARIAN towards our officials in BENGHAZI. And let me guess you ABSOLUTELY are a vote for the HILL for pres.I just think that throwing America's money at all the problems ON EARTH has to date never been the answer to any of them! IDIOT! And I for one am tired of the only HUMANITARIANS on EARTH being America! B:TCH
M Vough, you stupid jackwagon. I love you Benghazi drum beaters. Worse krap than that happened under GW's watch but (as instructed by FOX News) you swept all that under the rug while clinging onto just another #$%$ up by our American government and blame BO. Republicans and Democrats alike, they all need to go.
Wow... What an absolutely brilliant theory... About as good as all the other lame theories out there... Michelle Obama's black hole has been known to make millions of US taxdollars disappear...
Is it possible the throttles were forced wide open, ascending the plane into the inonosphere, or beyond?
Yahoo poking fun at CNN for entertaining these silly notions; is this the same Yahoo that every few months puts a video about a guy finding Bigfoot as their lead story on the welcome page?
Hasn't anyone realized that it was a hole in ozone layer caused by SUV exhaust that sent the plane hurling into space. We need NASA to send a team to the moon to see if it crashed there.
I really wish they find this plane soon. I'm tired of hearing about all the same stupid theories all day on every news network. I haven't seen nonstop coverage of an event since 911
To create a black hole you would have to compress the mass of the Earth into a size of a marble, obviously we do not have a black hole in our solar system.
Hmmm now the black hole and Bermuda, 2morow it will be alien and then Bin Laden group,and day after 2morow it wil be definetly be muslim or some unknown clerics.Better use your best source to find this lost plane rather then blame others our powerful nations. Respect family members of those who are in this ill fate boeing.and do the needful at earliest.
I don't believe there was any flight at all, this is a false flag hoax so Malaysia can fly a plane into one of its many enemies like the Samoans for instance...
seriously? Occam's razor. Instead of all the ludicrous theory's has anyone stopped to think its just one large conspiracy? Maybe the reason for the radar was because someone altered the information. Multi person team to make a plane disappear. Why? You might ask? What could anyone want with all those people. Well perhaps its for human testing.
the reason that this theory was thrown out to the panel was to comment on the public interest it generated and also referring that every angle should be looked at. it was never meant to be literal. i just love the way writers slant this s ----.
Anything is possible but very little is probable.
I haven't heard anything so stupid since Brian Gumbel didn't believe it was terrorism AFTER the second plane hit.
The media can't even find a decent news story to report, but they can tell you how to find a plane lost somewhere in the entire Indian Ocean.
what came about the last bit of debris they found in the Indian Ocean? I have heard nothing more on that
First of ALL,,, Blackholes are as real as bermuda triangle... but @ssholes can prove the disapperence of the plane ... well by being @ssholes!!!
How dumb do you have to be, to be a newscaster. I know third grader who knows that a black hole is enormous and that this is an impossible event.
If the "Black Hole" theory is thrown out, then we also must throw out all religions with a belief in God (of 1 type or another). Also, how do we explain the pyramids in Egypt and South America? Remember boys and girls, in philosophy and science a thing called "OCCAM'S RAZOR"!!! Even Mr Spock (no not the baby doctor) used it in several movies. Basically it states. . . . looking at ALL the possibilities, when the logical ones are all turn-up with negative results, whatever is left (no matter how unbelievable or crazy it may sound) MUST BE THE ANSWER!!!!!! So, is a black hole possible? Maybe. ETs?? Maybe. Just because we do not understand them does NOT mean they do not exist. Nor that they did this. Think about it.
Says we must throw out God, but uses a fictional movie character for his "supporting statement"
Yes the plane is missing and the flying spaghetti monster has stolen the plane in order to deliver pasta to the far reaches of the world. Of course the 2 Pastafarians who were using stolen passports may have nothing to do with it as one was believed to be looking sanctuary in Italy.
Black hole – that’s ridiculous. All the evidence is pointing toward alien abduction.
For all we know it could be parked somewhere next to a Lockheed Vega and a bunch of TBM Avengers.
Why do they still call them Anchormen? It should be Speculators.
Black hoe? I don't think any black hoes would be interested in a plane full of asians.
OMG this guy was an idiot in Chicago and he's still an idiot on CNN. I can't believe he's still on national news.....
Comments like this are proof positive that a) we are getting dumber as a nation and b) there are too many TV channels, which directly result in A.
people look at a map and assume that the area of concern is a few inches in diameter.
Someone suggest to CNN that the plane actually disappeared through a rift in the temporal fabric of the universe and is currently in a parallel universe. Or alternatively traveled back in time and will eventually rewrite all of history from the point in time it traveled to. I am sure CNN will do a whole hour on each of those theories. After all they are a great NEWS network. Right? lol
What an idiot does he even know what a black hole is we would all be sucked into a black hole that's what is at the center of our universe what a freakin moron no wander CNN is going down the tubes.
Two alien hybrid women masquerading as "mile high" pilot groupie #$%$ chicks talked their way into the cockpit, then murdered the pilots and docked the plane with an alien mother-ship.
Well that's OK, nobody was watching CNN at the time, or ever.
Don Lemon - CNN Mensa - bravo bravo. I'm glad I can post this here because good ole CNN deletes negative comments.
I assure you that it was not a black hole. The understanding (or lack thereof) of science is astounding. I would venture to say that grey aliens weren't involved either. Why is it hard to accept simple theories that fit the facts? We know that the last person speaking was the co-pilot, a Muslim man who we know switched off the transponder and said "goodnight". This has happened before, suicide taking large numbers of people with them is an Islamic tradition. He's enjoying his 72 virgins or something having taken out lots of Chinese folks. Why aliens, black holes, plots from an awful episode of Star Trek? The simple explanation is usually right.
I bet you Obama is behind it, that #$%$
It was already planned and, Obama is probably part of it just like 9/11 lmao
Timothy, tune in quick! Fox is breaking news linking Obama and affordable health care to the planes disappearance as I type this.
Sometimes no closure is better than closure.
Lemon has been getting a bit 'loose' lately. He thinks he's more important than he is. He is just a reporter. He shouldn't think too much, cos we see what he comes up with"
Mike you are an idiot. "Islamic Tradition" please show me where does it say in the Quran or a reliable source which quotes taking the lives of people in mass is a "tradition".
"why aren't you talking about the possibility ... that something odd happened to this plane, something beyond our understanding?" Because it's wildly unlikely. Theft of the plane is only plainly unlikely, so I would entertain that idea before anything wildly unlikely. A crash is most likely so that's the idea we should have entertained first (and did/are) but evidence doesn't seem to be supporting that theory.
not so far fetched if what Clifford Stone talks about is real! people are so closed minded!!! anything is possible. now of course someone will be like - "oh that can't happen, it's just not physically possible without sucking in the whole universe." well let me tell you something there are black holes in "space" now, and guess what? we are still here!
Occam's razor people -It states that among competing hypotheses, the one with the fewest assumptions should be selected. Other, more complicated solutions may ultimately prove correct, but—in the absence of certainty—the fewer assumptions that are made, the better.
I myself think it may be aliens.
Indian ocean. It very, very, very large.
I hope I'm wrong but......I too think the plane is in hidden Pakistan with the intentions of using it in a 9/11 type of terrorist attack within the next 3 years. I have no idea how far one of these things could fly fully fuiled, but I hope I'n not within it's range.
Watched CSI 13 yesterday and it reminded me of this missing plane. It was about a plane that crashed.Through the movie CSi found that one of the jets door had been damaged on purpose enough for it to fall off during flight.When in flight the door broke off and in an instant when the cabin depressurized the temperature dropped to -35 freezing the 4 passengers instantly..just saying.Murdered.
Example 90,715 of why you can trust anything that comes out of CNN...
I believe this guy needs serious help. A black hole would has so much gravity, that the whole planet would be gone the instant it would have formed. Did this guy ever take a science class, and apparently his journalistic abilities are in question now.
"There is a logical explanation for CNN's attention: ratings. Wall-to-wall coverage of the missing plane has given CNN a series of wins over Fox News in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic coveted by advertisers." Remember when news was about keeping the public informed and educated? No? Welcome to the Idiocracy!!!
Just another CNN talking head with minimal brain capacity. I realize it may be difficult for some, supposedly educated, rational people to comprehend but, this is real! Not a TV show. Real people on a real plane are missing. Real families are suffering, hoping for a miracle that will return their loved ones to them. Your senseless babel is insulting and disrespectful. Shame on you.
Does anyone remember the days when an idiot couldn't get a job on a news program? Nowadays they seem to be in the majority.
Actually, nowadays it seems to be a requirement, jim. Smart people ask questions when something doesn't "smell" right - and nearly everything that comes out of most media outlets smells... badly. There's a reason they are called "talking heads".
Don quit your day job, and report to the plantation to do some field work. You are really suited wearing farm coveralls with a cotton picking bag, than a suit.
At this point anything is possible. Even a landing somehow hidden. Bin laden was properly protected and covered up for 10 years.of course a water crash seems the most logical explanation but as off now they got nothing, so any hope,many ideas should be respected. For the families and friends this bit to be pure torture. Feel so bad for them.
Talk about a idiot that needs fired, that's how dumb are news media is.
This article shows clearly that the common man knows little about black holes except for what he has seen in sci fi movies.
This idiot Lemon is a real lemon. Even scientists are backing away from the theory of black holes. And as for a black hole that would gobble up a plane in our own atmosphere and not take the entire planet too is about as stupid a thought that could have ever been made and, compared to firing a machine gun at a man riding a horse and hitting him but not the horse. Don Lemon is a frilly limp wrist freak who now shows just how much brain he has- none.
Backing up from the theory of black holes? We're gunning towards it and we have extraordinary proof to back our extraordinary claims. It's practically not even a theory anymore, but widely accepted fact.
Robert L. Why all the hate spewing against Lemon. If you did watch the clip, or read the script above, he was just throwing up speculations from viewers. Deal with whatever is eating you up, this story has nothing to do with it.
@ Joseph, I don't care what he's throwing up, I almost throw up every time I even look at this anal delight for butt lovers. He and Anderson Cooper are the reasons that I cannot watch CNN anymore. I only wish that the two of them would mate, and then catch the deadliest disease and both would expire. If you like, you could join them and we would be rid of at least three perverts. You deal with that.
@ Trey, who are " we "? Are you an astronomer ? Scientist, ? Widely accepted by who ? Nutcakes like you ? You and Lemon need to get a room.
I bet the CIA knows exactly where the airplane is. They don't say because it would reveal how well our spy satellites can see into China or Vietnam.
Rumors, crackpot theories, and wild speculation. Ladies and gentlemen I present to you, your 24 hour news cycle.
This dumb #$%$ said a small black hole will suck in our entire universe? Holy #$%$ she's ignorant! Black holes reach a critical mass...why are people who know nothing about science talking about science
Dumb. Where is the education in this world?
Any competent and qualified news journalist would NOT ask such a ludicrous question. This only confirms that this clown and CNN have lost ALL credibility as a news organization. Pathetic.
I don't know what is worse, the recent trend of using tweets from backwoods crack addicts on live news or using tweets from 75 IQ trailer dwellers as actual reviews in movie trailers! Used to be "thumbs up" - Gene Siskel .. now I get "Best movie of the year" - AnalFreak69. Tip: ALWAYS check WHO wrote a movie trailer comment before you go see the movie. If the movie is so desperate that it had to resort to twitter to find a positive comment DON'T SEE IT! You've been warned!
I hate rumors too, how about the airplane was hijacked by ET (aliens from outer space), just search for the plane there are 239 families eagerly waiting
C'mon listen to they guy he knows all about desperation he's a Detroit Lions fan lol!!! Sorry bro my brother is a Lions fan had to give you a hard time but I agree with you for the record
If you are so critical about Trailer dwellers... then why do YOU not do something to help the Homeless veterans? They don't even HAVE a trailer. Lucky if they have a cardboard BOX, or if living in luxury... perhaps a dumpster. Do you consider THEM of even Lower IQ?????
first of all back woods crack addicts don't exist. Crack addicts live in the city. In fact Detroit is probably a capitol city of Crack.
Bender, That was quite a tangent. From a joke about trailer dwellers to homeless people in a box?? With an added in assumption about the IQ's of veterans?? Please try to stay on topic next time.
My current standing theory on the missing jet involves a bag of LSD-laced cotton candy in the cockpit and an alien mothership in orbit on the far side of the moon.
People need to stop joking around with these theories, and start finding the plane, these are real life people, not some sci fi entertainment.
I thought CNN democrats were supposed to understand science.
Anything can happen in this day and age.
But but but, if we didn't have Don Lemon's silliness, we wouldn't have 3,928 silly comments. Make it 3,929.
If "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe" then how does this genius explain the fact that black holes exist, yet the universe is still here? Now if a small black hole appeared in the vicinity of the Earth, it probably would destroy the Earth.
I need to paraphrase Sherlock Holmes ultimate maxim on this one: "... when you eliminate the impossible, whatever is left over, no matter how improbable, must be the truth." Therefore I will hazard a guess that Flight 370 cannot be found because it did not crash?
While I believe that life exists outside of this planet, in this case I think Lemon is grasping at straws for ratings purposes.
Black holes sucking in the Malaysian plane? Do you even know what black holes are?
Clearly not...they think that it's actually a hole
The black hole idea is pretty dumb but also pretty standard for modern journalism. With that said, there are still many things that are not understood about our universe. If you're going to use "Lost" as a possibility, how about the movie "This Is The End?" Does anyone know if James Franco was on that plane?
Did this guy traverse his college years smoking grass 100% of his time? CNN should question who permitted this story to be published.
My daughter is a walking financial black hole.
Aliens Got that 777 they captured it on the Mother Ship.
I abhore black hos too, but they're usually found at Washington DC parties for congressmen, and aren't hijacking airplanes in the South Pacific...
I WANT TO SEE MARY FLY THROUGH THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE AND SEE IF SHE ENCOUNTERS "BAD WEATHER" THEY'VE FIGURED OUT TIME TRAVEL PEOPLE. DONT BE BLIND!!!
There's no need to scream Lalo. Exactly who are you referring to when you say "they've figured out tome travel" ???
Well we've all be all over this in the last say what 12 days or so, and I've heard it all, and I've given my two cents, but I think in the end it will be the same old sad situation, but I'm also a person of faith, so I'm not say never say never. A black hole, no I think that is only in the movies.
The only info that is suspicious is the 20 Chinese hackers on board . The flotsam down near Antarctica is a diversion. All the military sats see everything - thats the plan - so govts know . The 'black hole' sounds like swamp-gas and if thats the best they can come up with ... then we are reeely screwed.
I believe it was taken by space aliens from Uranus!
Yup, these 24 hour 'news' networks only hire the brightest and best. *SIGH* The amazing this is that people that watch these 'news' networks actually think that they are informed. Which would explain our last couple of Presidents and nominees.
Welcome, people, to the difference between news and entertainment. 24 hours a day is a LOT of time to kill.
Dear CNN. Do you really wonder why no one is watching you guys anymore?
Must have been talking about his gay rights experience, do they really s u c k that part?
In other news Santa Claus is finally retiring after selling off the north pole , the Easter bunny is once again in rehab, the search is still on for the murder / smashing of the great Pumpkin last October and the lucky charms elf was caught crossing the boarder illegally.
I thought the lucky charms guy was a leprechan? I wonder what the tooth fairy is up to?
Don't worry about the illegal lucky charms dude. Obama and company welcomed him with open arms and gave him free healthcare, free food, free education for his kids, a new home and a job...... all at the taxpayers expense.
As much as it's intriguing to think that there may be a paranormal reason for 777 disappearance, IMO, the most plausible explanation came from a commenter who claimed to be an airline pilot. In a nutshell: The pilots were working for terrorists, then took the plane up to over 35,000 feet, depressurized and killed off all the passengers, then disabled their cellphones, which would explain ring-throughs. Somehow disabled the plane's tracking devices making it invisible. The plane landed and is hidden somewhere with an invisibility cloak. (not serious, but something that blocks detection) This plane most likely will become a bomb if this theory is true.
That seems like the most likely explanation .
That's been my theory and I'm sticking to it! The pilots went up to 45K feet, it was reported last week. Can they disable the oxygen masks for passengers, though?
Even if they cannot disable the passenger masks, they sure can run 'em out of O2 if they need them long enough. But I think that the airplane itself would shoot off an error code if the masks deploy.
Cabin air pressure high causes narcosis
CNN is also known for promoting the idea that forcing everyone to buy health insurance would be a big hit.
This is why we no longer have a NEWS media, it's nothing more than a propaganda machine.
Going to go out on a limb and just say "very big and very deep oceans". How or why the plane got lost is the only mystery.
This guy doesn't even know what a black hole is. It is a collapsed star with immense gravity that pulls in everything, even light. So if it was a black hole it would practically destroy the whole solar system, long before it got near the earth.
A black hole? No. But one has to entertain the notion that the Boeing 777 was sucked into the vacuum formed in a CNN reporter's skull.
The headline should read. How to lose all credibility as a news person in one night
Extra Terrestrial space pirates took the damn plane!
Typical of CNN's shoot-from-the-hip ignorant "commentary/analysis. "... Schiavo replied. "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe. ." WRONG. BLACK HOLES DON'T "SUCK" ANYTHING IN, except things that wander so close they get dragged down by gravity. Same thing happens on Earth. Meteors fall from the sky. Satellites fall out of orbit. Astronauts return from orbit. Black holes have more powerful gravity, but if you don't get too close, you can sail right around one and not get sucked in. The only thing that sucks here is CNN, as usual. Another reason why more people get their "news" from The Daily Show.
"Our entire universe" includes everything, all the galaxies, black matter....everything, so she made a flawed, nonsensical statement from the get go.
Really, cuz I got sucked into a black hole once, well maybe more than once, I was too drunk to remember!
Does anybody remember back in the day when CNN was an actual news station?
They were a news station? When?
unbelievably stupid. I can hardly wait until they realize, it was colonel mustard with the candlestick.
So they actually discussed it as a serious question? Well, it is CNN after all...
I wonder if the plane had enough fuel to make it to the south pole, and crash somewhere in Antarctica. As i doubt there anyone looking for it there.
Proof that it takes years to build a reputation and seconds to destroy it.
I'd like to know Stephen Hawking's opinion about the disappearance of flight 370! The black hole theory simply doesn't hold water!
CNN is gaining on MSNBC in absolute irrelevance. ... way to go Don. How can you look into a camera with a straight face?
CNN needs to divorce itself from this IDIOT!
So the other day I commented stating that the mainstream media (mainly CNN) was using this incident to boast their ratings. Comment was met with hate... I'll say again. They are covering the plane nonstop solely for corporate profits and ratings.
how moronic are liberals? next he will say the plane was bullied at the airport..... or was abused at the factory... or was tired of contributing to global warming...
We've become a nation of idiots lead by morons.
Uh-huh. And when they find the crashed remains of this aircraft no one will believe it. I am amazed how it is so much easier for so-called intelligent (?) people to believe rumors and drug-dream explanations for common events than to believe the actual true facts. People watch way much TV and apply way too much credibility to the screenwriter's imagination. Gullibility is the new common sense.
"Gullibility is the new common sense." Always has been see religion for proof.
As a former Inspector General, I'm surprised that Mary Schiavo didn't ask Don Lemon to stand up, pull down his pants and bend over so that she could check. All in the interest of ratings, of course.
Are liberal leeches really this stupid or do they take lessons?
The Malaysia airlines dissappearance was a top news story because the 777 is American made and has never had a crash from mechanical defect. Being that mechanical defect has been all but ruled out, and that there were no Americans on board, the story becomes less important for us. The fact that the two pilots have (had)Muslim names triggers a red flag reminiscent of a similar incident with an Egypt Air 767 about 10 years ago but that's it. The only reason this would now be an American problem would be if terrorists landed the plane safely, installed a counterfeit black box and used the plane to deliver a weapon of mass destruction to north America since this is a long range capable aircraft. It's sad to think that we are actually safer if the plane were destroyed
THERE WERE 3 AMERICANS ON THE PLANE,,,
get your facts straight there were 3 passengers with American passports on that plane
get your facts straight there were 3 passengers with American passports on that plane
that's the kind of thing a little kid might think happened. like there could be a black hole over the ocean that no one's aware of and somehow decided not to swallow our whole solar system - just a plane.
Anyone that thinks a black hole is the answer is a black hole . There is a cover up by someone somewhere . This has misdirection written all over it.
Lemon is a complete moron - it wasn't "god", Lost, a black hole etc. He should be fired for being a total embarrasment - please stop Lemon - you are the worst of the worst loser
The plane is out there in the Indian Ocean. What the Australians did not disclose was that they were able to greatly enhance the satellite images and saw something like a wing or tail so they know it's there
I feel awful for the families that have no clue as to where their loved ones are. I think the constant speculations makes it worse for them. But i guess everyone has a theory.
CNN is just trying to boost there ratings they are throwing everything but the kitchen sink out. Saddening especially for the familes.
Black hole??? sounds racist to me. But maybe he can't get his sexual orientation off his mind.
You laugh at a theory and then go talk to your invisible friend in the sky. That's like the pot calling the kettle unmentioned curse words because your friend is just a theory and will always be a theory.
All those "crack-pot" theories are really just one part of humanity attempting to help solve the unexplained. Perhaps their theories are unorthodox, but they're still ultimately helpful because they give us the hope of an answer.
As a result of Don Lemon's comments CNN viewership has increased a by a whopping 32%. All thirty two people tweeted that the Aliens from Scientology beamed the aircraft up to the mothership to begin the colonization of Xyphalion 3.
All passengers killed by pilots shutting oxygen. Plane lands safely. Dead carcasses removed and disposed. Plane is gone and probably painted. Some rogue nation owns it now. No clue on pilots
I pretty much agree with this theory and someday we will see it again when it slams into some building somewhere in the world.
Remember when the news was about the news, and not about ratings? I seriously doubt how much accurate and unbiased information we're getting these days.
Why has the scientific public been informing the American public as to the existence of black holes and now we are told the airplane could not have flown into one?
Well, Lemon is pretty much a liberal idiot so I'm not surprised.
don't you think if it was a terror attack the passengers would have not intervened mmmmmm I would have taken my clothes off and had them first hahahha that way it would have been a good day
This guy does realize that if black hole opened in our atmosphere that would be pretty catastrophic. Not to mention the we would have probably felt the shift in gravity caused by such a phenomenon, but hey, it's a slow news cycle.
Ever seen apollo 13 I'm guessing this might be the case the plane flew into the moon crashed everyone had no astronaut suits on and they all fell out floating since there's no gravity.
Black holes are not vacuums, don't get near the event horizon and you are fine.
People, black holes are created by the collapse of a star (sun) that collapses in on it's self. If a black hole was in our galaxy it would completely destroy our solar system along with much more. The closes black hole is light years away. We can see them as they chew through distant galaxy's. Small black holes are hypothetical meaning in theory it's possible however never witnessed by science. Even if one's imagination would run wild, there would still be residue for such a freak event.
Some idiot gave you a thumbs down.
2 thumbs down....stephen hawking has now said he does not believe in the black hole theory....you people need to understand these are all nothing more than theories...
There are super massive black holes in the center of most galaxies. It's what all the stars orbit, and it's why our galaxy is spiral. The Milky Way's black hole is called Sagittarius A. Also Stephen Hawking believes in black holes. He recently admitted his black hole theory about the information paradox was incorrect. But pretty much every astrophysicist believes in black holes. These "theories are also supported by a lot of evidence. We can see the stars in the center of our galaxy orbit Sagittarius A.
@James, black holes are not theoretical , they have been shown to exist. A super massive one is in the center of out galaxy and the most famous is the black hole known as Cygnus X1. You show a fundamental lack of astronomical or scientific knowledge, you say if a black hole were in our galaxy it would suck in our solar system and in the same breath say the nearest is light years away. You do realize the Milky way galaxy is roughly 100,000 light years across which would put the one you say isn't in our galaxy but light years away in our galaxy and close as many of our stellar neighbors.
No other news happening right now, at least none the American public can "understand" in a sound bite. Don't do anything stupid right now, you can be the news story for the next 3 months!
JUST IN: World Leaders are Very Certain that the only Black Hole Sucking the life out of America and Destroying it, is the Black Radical Extremist Hole Himself, Barack Obama from Kenya.
I watched a porno "THE BLACK HOLE" and it had nothing to do with sucking a plane into it. It sucked something else but Yahoo edits everything, Sorry.
I have been telling everyone since day two that the plane has been abducted by an alien space craft and now all those on board are being probed to find out IF there is any intelligent life on earth. Oh if only the aliens would have asked me I could have told them no.
This STUPID #$%$/b fired in a New York minute for reading the ridiculous "tweets" on air and then for even a split second considering that it may be true. What a complete moron!
Such inanity is the direct result of CNN's practice of talking exclusively about an event until it is resolved. Even smart people, let alone this imbecile, eventually run out of things to say.
CNN covers this wall to wall for 2 weeks and can't cover Benghazi for 5 minutes. So sad.
I can't stand this anchor after I saw him cover the Sandy Hook school shooting. He asked some of the stupid questions EVER. He asked questions like "So do you feel saddened by this tragedy?" Seriously, you cant think of anything else to ask?? Pathetic.
A giant sea monster jumped out of the ocean all the way up to the plane. It aimed its but in the general vicinity of the aircraft, farted, and blew it into space.
Well, I don't think this is what happened, but I don't find it much more preposterous than the idea the airplane went down at sea. THAT is really preposterous! First, we have ample evidence with was a hijacking, probably by the pilots. They flew the airplane for about 7 hours. You don't do that just to find a better place to crash into the ocean. That 777 is on land and in one piece somewhere and we may know where but want some terrorist attack that we can use as an excuse for another war. Who knows. Remember, that 777 turned WEST over Malasia after turning off the instruments. They had to do that on purpose as it shows they programmed the computer to handle the turn. So, they KNEW they were over Malaysia. Even if the guess that they had a fire were true they would have KNOWN to follow the coast line back to the airport where they took off. Even without normal communications someone with a cell phone (don't tell me the pilots don't have them) could have made a call and had someone notify the tower that they were in trouble. No, to fly where they did for as long as they did was because they KNEW they had an airstrip waiting for them and we are just throwing up a smoke screen to hide the truth.
My opinion does not matter but..I totally agree with you.
Don Lemon encompasses sensationalized media. He should be ashamed.
CNN really needs to bring back Show Biz Tonight more entertaining and factual.
CNN..the second you started talking about the British Banks holding all the Russian Billionaires money in tax free havens...the next day the plane go hijacked and 24/7 was on the plane. All the plane hijacking was to have media avoid the British banks being corrupt. Most likely they have a computer that can override a planes computerized system and take command of the plane where the pilots can't do anything Either that or the guy bailed out
Well, if it disappeared into a black hole, the people at MSNBC must have seen it.
Don Lemonhead is always good for a laugh. This just more utter stupidity from the utterly stupid.
Come on, you haters of the First Diva... We know that Michelle Obama's black hole has made many millions of tax dollars disappear, but not a plane...
If the Malaysian authorities ever got hold of its pilot, then this theory could be verified: the plane is in his brown ash whole.
CNN should just rename all their shows until the plane is found to CNN: Searching for 370 except Anderson Cooper 360, which will be rename to Anderson Copper 370.
What an insult to the families of the victims. Isn't there ANY respect for human dignity anymore in journalism?
It was probably lost due a smart phone app - messing with the planes navigation system on autopilot.
there families out there who need answers and the media has the balls to make theories about what happened?
Coming from someone at CNN, it doesn't surprise me. CNN is truly a joke in media circles.
CNN loves this story as much as MSNBC loves bridge gate & Fox loves Benghazi...
We all know Lemon likes "black holes" , but this one is just another example of CNN milking a tragic story for all they can get. Just dumb and disgusting.
CNN is where the looney left goes for their information. What were you saying about Fox?
The more ignorant a person is the more likely they will believe the most absurd theory. Occam's Razor people. Or as people that watch too much TV know it "It's not lupus, it's never lupus"
Criminy... Creationists have won... They crammed junk science onto the airwaves for so long that the media thinks we ALL have nothing between our ears but superstitions...
The media has gone berserk in regards to this issue. Rather than reporting on the lack of jobs and government corruption the media is focusing our attention on their stupid ideas.
Reality and CNN have NEVER coincided.
Sure, a black hole consumed this missing plane, and it did not consume the earth at the same time. That would be like some one claiming to have had their finger blown off by an atomic bomb. some body does NOT understand what black holes really are and how they work. ( what a #$%$ ! )
Black holes, they be stealing everything.
Malaysian Flight 370 is now boarding at gate B24 for a non-stop flight to Atlantis.
Here's a theory: The plane was hijacked by some crazy suicidal pilot who landed it in the ocean and everyone on board died. That is the only logical explanation at this point. All the evidence points to a pilot who had ulterior motives. There is no debris anywhere on the water nor is there any on any land masses. No terrorist group is taking credit for it and by now they would have. Even if those people got out of the plane alive, they wouldn't have survived two weeks in the middle of nowhere with limited supplies. This is LOST and there isn't a "New Otherton" for them to go get food from. Yes it is harsh. But at this point there is no other explanation. We will probably never find that plane. If we do, it will be like the Titanic and will never be retrieved. It is sad and I feel for the families. But at this point there are no signs of life or hope to find the victims. This was just some crazy freak accident caused by a crazed pilot who was not in his right mind.
So far Savannah..there is no credible evidence for that either. Be fair. You don't know because the original information is coming from a group of clueless individuals..even the so-called basic facts can and do change.
The problem with this theory, so far, is that no debris had been found. If he crashed it into the ocean in a suicide attempt, it's likely much of the plane would have been torn off, material ejected, and fuel spilled. If he tried a controlled descent into the ocean, however, as was done into the Hudson River a few years ago, it's possible the plane was fully intact and just sunk -- although that too is a little unlikely because I'd like to think that some people would have evacuated before it sank.
Savannah - There's no such evidence at all about the pilot. So far, the known facts about the man point exactly in the opposite direction. You are making that stuff up. That the craft is lost, however, seems painfully probable.
@annie how many pilots have flight simulators in the homes and regularly practice the same type of flight that occurred? Very few. There is also evidence that the pilot was not all there from things his family has said. And honestly the USA would be in the same boat because looking for a plane in the middle of the ocean is like trying to bail the Titanic out with a Dixie cup: it seems easy for a millisecond and then the door opens and you see just how flooded and royally screwed you are. The ocean is the worst place to crash. Not only will you not survive because of exposure and lack of materials but the currents will do you no favors in terms of allowing people to use your last known location. Currents can take a small craft/piece of material hundreds of miles in an hour depending on their force.
Giving credence to black holes in this instance is a product of black skin and affirmative action.
I think most scientists would be astonished to learn that a small black hole would suck in our entire universe. Amazing.
It went to another universe . Asgard perhaps.
first.. a small black hole would not suck in our entire universe, there are large black holes out in space already so this guy should keep his mouth closed LOL, second any one entertain the theory of a worm hole, for all we know they entered it and came out over 1950's new mexico and crashed near roswell and have been kept locked away for 50+ years as the military and scientist reverse engineered all the strange future tech that they found on the jet and the passengers thus allowing us to have all these amazing technology advancements we've experienced over the past 50 years.
Sounds like an excellent episode of Twilight Zone.
hey thanks billy t that about wraps it all up u f-ing loony!
just a goofy theory and Tim relax, have a drink and loosen up a bit not everything needs to be taken so serious. the stress is gonna put you in an early grave.
If anyone previously wondered whether everyone at CNN were total idiots, this should clear up any confusion. (Note: I'm sorry if I insulted any idiots out there with the CNN comparison.)
The utter scientific illiteracy of this country increases every day. In a country that rejects evolution, global climate change, vaccination for childhood diseases, and spends their time watching shows on Bigfoot, mermaids and ghosts are we surprised that some nut floated this absurd idea?
These anchors need to learn what a 'theory' really is.
Considering over 200 lives have likely been lost, I don't think this kind of "clowning" by CNN is funny. Maybe they should contact the parents, spouses and children of those on this flight and present this little comedy sketch in person.
There are lots of close minded, stupid people that are so afraid (or jealous) of extraterrestrial intelligent life that they actually sound off in the head. Maybe they’re afraid of losing the control they have on people. Maybe they’re themselves are the aliens, and they are trying to quiet the subject by calling people crazy so the truth will stay hidden. Either way something is going on. It’s not normal to keep a close mind like these people.
And we are supposed to take what the media says seriously? The dumbing of America continues...
This was an odd story from the start. Why did the Malaysian airlines retire the flight number so quickly without knowing what happened to the plane? Malaysia is a muslim country (state religion.) Do the math people. The NSA doesn't have any information from all the smart phones on the plane? But Uncle Joe Biden knows what I ate for breakfast? So revolting…A world full of people so accustomed to their own flatulence they don’t notice the stench anymore…
Well another option is to read YAHOO news, hahahahahaha, yeah well I'll finish this when I can stop laughing!
look up gullible in the dictionary and you will see a picture of americans. how many times does something like this have to happen, with the same kind of b.s. said about it by the "authorities", before you figure it out. yall got money, buy a clue...
Mary Schiavo please stick to the Dept of Transportation, you are no astrophysicist. A small black hole will not suck in our entire universe! There are supermassive black holes many millions of times the mass of our sun at the center of galaxies and they can't suck in the entire universe.
One thing about the Super Natural that perhaps many people don't understand is that Super Natural occurs Outside the natural and Cannot Be Explained by Science or any other means. Anything else is simply Natural yet perhaps Unusual. Black Holes are a natural thing; Mysterious yes but natural phenomenon never the less. IF it Defies the laws of physics then & only then could it be Considered as Super Natural. To my knowledge we know of Nothing that does That.
The only one I STILL can watch is the Shepard guy from Fox. Used to watch the Leprecon, but can't stand him any longer.
A black hole no, but maybe a dimensional portal? Truth is, that plane is at the bottom of the ocean. The scariest possibility is a virus that messed with the oxygen levels and then took over the plane and flew it out to oblivion
Was this reporter born an idiot or did he have to study for it?
how dumb can she be to say "a small black hole could swallow our entire universe"...I mean people are probably listening to her say that, and there probably like " ya, ya, you know shes right"....unreal....there are BILLIONS if not TRILLIONS of black holes of ALL sizes in our universe, doesn't she know that a black hole is in the center of every galaxy, does she even know how galaxies form...It blows me away how stupid these "experts" are, and blows me away even more that the common sheep could follow and regurgitate the same #$%$ she's spewing out on public TV.
Good catch. But, I think she just used a poor word choice of "universe" as opposed to perhaps the solar system? So, I think you missed her point. Even a small black hole is an incredibly massive object that would engulf the the entire Earth etc.. and not just a single object from the planet.
239 people and not a single trace or any noticeable or emergency message. One explanation: they had either all dead or disappeared into another dimension. May the light shine upon their paths.
Do you expect to hear anything intelligent coming out of the mouth of someone with their thumb up their #$%$?
What an idiot. Not surprising though, that it came out of CNN. LOL They aren't really into factual reporting, and this just supports that. I'm surprised that someone on CNN didn't bring up the subject that 'black holes' is somehow racist. Isn't that usually the next cause of everything in their view?
I can not understand a national news organization mentioning these ideas. My neighbor, Big Foot, is laughing so hard he has gone into a coughing fit.
About as real as anything else at CNN.
Don Lemon certainly has a wild imagination. isn`t he the one who insinuated that the black cop who killed another cop and was killed in a shootout with police a while back was a victim of racism at work.
Why Malaysia airlines, Boeing, etc, put out a million reward for person (treasure hunters) / group of people in finding plane with proof? Similar to reward for person of interest (American Most Wanted TV show?) Possible some folks or folk may find the plane. Just a thought.
Before I sign up for the rescue mission, I'd like to know exactly whose Black Hole it is. For example, it would be rather dismaying to learn upon entry it is not Jill's, but rather Jose's.
This entire story is pretty much the posterchild of how scientifically inept we are as a country.
not reading the article. Just the title alone makes me roll my eyes. There's no way a black hole took the airplane since a black hole would have to be in our atmosphere and if it was, it would have sucked the entire planet into it. What a moron!
It couldn't be, Oprah was nowhere near Malaysia.
Wait..So if i said those people if dead are in heaven i get a pass but if i say something like maybe a natural force of nature related to black holes and things that can be somewhat proven by physics had something to do with it... im a nutjob? WOW.... Nicolas Copernicus was ridiculed and treated like a nutjob when he said the Earth wasn't in the middle of our solar system and look at us now.
Don Lemon, you should be working for Fox if this kind of idiocy is going to pass your lips.
Don't throw FOX into this, this fool/idiot did it on his own
That's exactly why he'd be perfect for Fox.
The plane splashed in an expansive Indian Ocean. Needle in a haystack without radar. That's the story, nothing else. Pilot suicide and took them all with him.
Don Lemon must being enjoying the perks of Colorado.
Lemon is living proof that an idiot can read a teleprompter.
I think it was swallowed by an ancient under sea volcano to satisfy the Gods of a lost civilization!
Which demonstrates the state of teaching science in the US. And by the way, lady, a small black hole would not suck up the entire universe. There are super-massive black holes at the center of most galaxies, and we're not exactly spiraling in, now, are we?
What has been proven - is the world doms - so called international corporations - are pushing the free trade deal - and using this to get their trade pact passed in congress and Obama boy - signed into law... Malaysa the next outsourced job's - and the big profites of the GBS tracking systems - the people of malaysa - in distrace - all the news - we have the tec-nology - to track everything
What an idiot. Gee I wonder why CNN has been constantly losing market share over the last 10 years.
There is a Better one concerning the earthquake in Los Angeles. A Fox reporter was talking to someone who was in a helicopter and asked him if he felt the earthquake. He replied saying, "no I was flying up in the air." Too Funny. A local radio station replayed the telephone transmission several times.
This idiot obviously has no clue what a black hole is...
"A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." WRONG!! A small black hole was created last year in Europe where that huge particle collider is located ( no I can't spell it or going to try) and the black hole came and went and here we still are. Also, there are billions of black holes in the universe right now and well the universe is still here. This is why you don't listen to people who talk out their #$%$ about science but aren't real scientists.
Thank You! How dumb can she be? it is like someone making up some fake gov. propaganda and believing it themselves.
So we shouldn't listen to people who talk out their #$%$ about science but you think that a black hole was created by physicists at CERN? What a #$%$ idiot.
Just like some scientists perpetuating a global warming hoax
Why should he be different, than the rest of the media? Long ago, we got INFO. and news, from the media. Now we get, who can make the most noise.
Idiot who came up with that stupid theory, you can suck my black hole. Might as well say alien abduction you moron.
Furthermore, before you begin to ask questions about things that happen in outer space, you should ask someone who know about outer space. Because the comment about a small black hole sucking in our entire universe is just asinine, our planet and moon maybe, but the entire universe lmao, that's just stupid.
This missing plane is bringing all kinds of conspiracy theories out of the woodwork! I would like to see a report of this based on FACTS!
A black hole? Really. Only a liberal would come up with that answer.
Can we please stop with all the distractions and get to the truth. Let's just ask the NSA they spy on the world.
This proves the people watching and tweeting Don Lemon are idiots.
Have you ever heard of or seen a black hole on this side of our atmosphere? Utter nonsense!
Why is this such a strange possibility. We have U.S. Senators who believe that it's been taken to Iran so they can sue it as a missle in a terror attack.
I remember news guys seriously talking about recreating dinosaurs back when Jurassick Park came out.
Using amphibian DNA, no? Well, who would have thought GMO's could be created? Bio-engineered foods? There's the story about the fish-DNA in the tomato. Hmmm.....
I think there was a little creature on the wing! Yep, that little guy started fooling with the engines causing them to fail! At this point the black hole appeared sucking the little creature and the plane into the bottomless pits of HELL! Yep, that's what I'm thinking, does it sound preposterous?
Aliens took the plane n send out a ransom amount to Earth but Humans called it Dubstep and now dance n get high off it!
Would welcome the option of blocking Dylan Stableford from receiving any future articles he may write. I am not one bit interested in reading anything by someone who compares opinions from so-called journalism to Courtney Love. But then I would also welcome blocking Don Lemon and his make-believe speculation about things. That's hardly journalism.
I think it is obvious what happened and don't understand why they can't accept it. The co-pilot is responsible and his days were numbered because of the incident with the two women in the cockpit. He should have been removed from flying then so their delay only allowed him to contemplate a suicide disaster that also took the lives of many others. He flew into the Indian Ocean until it ran out of fuel. No one would fly that plane on an empty tank unless they intended to crash it. The last ping from the satellite also proves it fuel until it ran out of fuel. It was not on the ground otherwise they would have shut down the system too if it had really been hijacked. Search the ocean for the ping.....the US is correct, it is at the bottom of the ocean and their may not be any debris. The crash in the Hudson left the plane intact so it is very possible.
Its not obvious! you dont know that. The plane most likely had a mid air problem and crashed. accept it! If it can be found they will find it but the possibility of it never being found is also possible.
After one incredible far fetched theory after another, Courtney Love's theory actually seems like one of the most reasonable ones out there.
Brad Meltzer has got to be the biggest conspiracy theory nut cases out there and for Lemon to ask someone if the black hole theory is preposterous puts him right up there with him.
CNN has officially Jumped the Shark. If 25 to 54 year olds (I'm 1) want to see this it is a sad time we have ahead of us.
Which is more likely, a plane crashed without the benefit of a transponder signature or a radar location and it's simply hard to find a plane in hundreds of thousands of acres of search area, or it was swallowed by a black hole, abducted by aliens, etc.? Your answer is indicative of your credulity.
The whole thing doesn't make sense. An hour into a perfectly normal flight, in excellent weather, this plane turns off communications and changes course. And we have basically no idea of where it went from there. Something tells me it landed somewhere. I'm leaning towards Mr. Murdoch's theory.
We already have one Black Hole dominating the center of the Milky Way Galaxy in which the entire Galaxy's foundation is formed. Suggesting that another Black Hole within the Milky Way is just floating around Planet Earth with out a complete annihilation of the Solar System and surrounding light years, is grounds for the firing of Don Lemon.
The original oil slick they thought was the plane was originally "a conspiracy theory" ....until they proved it wrong. So why does mainstream use conspiracy theory for the most foolish ideas.
Hey Don! Been watching too many 'Twilight Zone' episodes?? Do us a favor - just read the news, OK?
CNN: Certified Nonsensical Network that this 51 year old would NEVER watch. A black hole. Sheesh
Later that evening he and several CNN colleagues spotted Elvis in the peanut butter aisle at Walmart.
Elvis runs a doughnut shop in Cleveland Ohio.
This lemon guy is a black racist idiot ben watching his comments for some time...and will say anything for the cause and in this case ratings.CNN needs to replace some of the idiots like this lemon head dipstick.
What an imbecile. Maybe he should consider switching over to E! News or Access Hollywood or maybe writing for Yahoo.
Don Lemon is probably the biggest idiot on CNN.
Someone's credibility as a journalist has also just been sucked into a Black hole.
Dear Mary, the universe is full of black holes and continues to not be entirely sucked in by them. That is all.
That is the stupidest theory ever. Do you realize how powerful a Black Hole is? We would all be sucked in & dead.
Dang, I'm 58. Must be why I'm still listening to Fox News. "Wall-to-wall coverage of the missing plane has given CNN a series of wins over Fox News in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic coveted by advertisers."
This is the news nowadays, take a very serious subject and turn it into a joke!
Why hasn't any psychic predicted what happened? They would make a MILLION DOLLARS for this correct information.
would you want a pyschic to predict what happened to your family member, or, would you like facts?
I would want the truth no matter what.
I love the political finger pointing... Don seems to just be reading tweets and filling airtime for those obsessed with this story...
Of course it wasn't a black hole! Aliens stole the plane to use the passengers as breeding hosts for their young.
It is seldom we can look at a government worker and not lol it seems these days; but Mary Schiavo "small black hole would suck in our entire universe. .. Bermuda Triangle is often weather...'Lost' is a TV show" is a keeper even if she did leave the Government.
This guy had the audacity to proclaim on air that he is an "expert journalist.". He's neither one, but a dilettante for sure. Never thought I'd say it, but even Aaron Brown wasn't this innane.
They didn't find Amelia Earhart's aircraft either so that had to be black holes and aliens too.
the only black hole is in this guys head, the media has just gone stupid over this.
Without a doubt the plane was stolen by aliens!
Wake me up when we actually solve this mess. I'm sick of hearing about it 24/7 on every news station. I feel terrible for those involved but the media is just overdoing it with all the theories and useless coverage.
Now if the plane suddenly reappeared on it's original intended flight path, headed for Bejing, with everyone on board none the wiser to the last 2 weeks of missing time, then we can talk black holes and alien abductions.
There are no theories to this missing plane. Its very obvious what has happened. The Chinese have shot it down (effectively shooting themselves in their own foot) because the pilot never declared who and where he was from when he entered the much criticised and extended Chinese airspace. Little did they know that the majority of the passengers were there own flesh and blood. Has nobody else noticed the lack of comment/s from the Chinese side? They're still trying to dig themselves out of their own hole.
What evidence is there to support that?
What evidence is there to support anything?
What would you give for a real News Station these days... and dump all these idiots.
Is it any wonder they only have about a 6% viewership?
What's wrong with CNN?? The truth is that the Phantom Zone from Krypton had sucked the plane into that vacuous hole of time and space. WAIT I'M RECEIVING A "NEWS FLASH" - SUPERMAN ISN'T REAL?!? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
No a Black Hole could not explain the Malaysian Airliner's disappearance. But this CNN Commentators Moronic comment could explain why we have so many imbeciles that use syndicated TV as their sole news source.
If the plane is not found in the ocean, then perhaps it is in the hands of terrorist who plan to modify it and use it in an " under the radar flight attack " of some kind. Just another theory.
Right now all we have is theories. The only fact that we know for certain is that a Malaysian Airlines Boeing 777 has been missing for several days. The rest is theory and conjecture. When you have ruled out what is possible, what then? Go back and re-examine because there's something that was missed, overlooked, or not yet revealed.
The story of the disappearance of flight 370 bears a strong resemblance to the Twilight Zone's "The Odyssey of Flight 33! Seriously, I hope Malaysia can help in the search effort by giving information they might have to solving the mystery.
I'll just ask the question that we are all thinking: was that Flight 370 seen on the Grassy Knoll in the Zapata film??
At last, it took a missing airplane with 12 crews and 227 passengers to get CNN higher rating than Fox News?
Good God. And people give more credence to this network and its' anchors over fox? This is just idiocy that only proves how little cnn thinks of their viewers
Well, it did disappear around St. Patrick's day so maybe Leprechauns are responsible for the disappearance... either that or that pesky Trix Rabbit. SILLY RABBIT, TRIX ARE FOR KIDS!
Wallace the Waffle Wiffer conspired with the stupid rabbit
A black hole would not suck in the entire Universe. Depending on its mass, it could suck up the entire Earth or - if sufficiently small - just the plane. That is, if it cruised in from outer space thru the atmosphere and then cruised out again, taking the plane (and some air) with it and nothing else. More likely such a black hole would smack into the ground, pass through the earth like it as so much air, and boom out thru the other side, in which we'd detect the seismic repercussions. I'd just as soon believe the plane did a Spindrift through a space warp and wound up in the Land of the Giants as believe such an unlikely theory like this however.
You just proved you literally know NOTHING about black holes and how they work. Good job!
Really, LA? How do you figure that? At least name something I got wrong rather than just make a snarky and unsupported comment. Otherwise, i can only assume it's YOU who knows nothing about black holes.
By the way in the case of the plane only i am talking what is called mini black hole; which btw no one has proved actually exist, as opposed to a stellar mass black hole (which indeed would destroy the entire Earth quite handily if it got close enough to affect a plane). Does that clear the fog up for you? Or do you just like to spout off?
I just love hit and run commentators who cast aspersions and then can't back be bothered to return and back them up. :-/
News is no longer news but pure conjecture. I'm done reading about this jet.
It's possible that a UFO was involved.
I thought that supernatural and implausible theories were meant for places like Yahoo's comments section. Can you older folks imagine Walter Cronkite even considering reporting this?
And they make fun of Glenn Beck for making a typo. Hilarious.
Wow, one propaganda machine at odds with another. This will be fun to watch.
People are DUMB. How are they going to use a stolen jet in a terrorist attack now a days? With a missing plane if any country picks up an unidentified aircraft on military radar they will blow it out of the sky long before it gets to any target.
Ever hear of a fake ID?
If insurance companies would just refuse to insure planes without the latest tracking systems... We don't need a "One-World Air-Traffic Governing Body" which is what this incident will inspire the New World Order Wackos to rally towards.. We already gave away the internet.. and the Crimea, so what's next?
I quit watching CNN after they tossed to Ashley Banfield hundreds of miles away from the same parking she was sharing with the last live shot (the famous same bus in the frame pic). They never explained that. Black holes are where there ratings went.
This explanation is why CNN will drop back into obscurity when this plane is finally found. Everyone knows it was an alien abduction, not a black hole! There isn't a media outlet out there that isn't making a complete #$%$ out of themselves speculating on what has happened. This is a contest to see who can drag in the most self proclaimed avaition experts, political hacks and stuffed shirt academics to render an opinion, what a crock.
Maybe, just maybe the jet flew out into space and is circling the earth as we speak. lol...The problem with the constant news coverage on every single aspect is that you get these very dumb ideas. I will listen to the news again once they have found something.
With 12% of our uneducated nation reportedly believing lizard people run the government (instead of career lawyer traitors) and a large percentage of the populace believing in fairy tales and fables and mythical entities, I'm waiting for that clown to suggest the plane flew straight up and that it should be passing the moon any time now. The vocal disagreement will come not from aeronautical engineers but from those maroons who don't think we ever landed on the moon.
CNN, Needs to get some new people in front of the camera. 12 days of mindless dribble and the "Expert Commentators" holy #$%$. I have never seen such asinine questions asked, I thought it was a Jimmy Kimmel spoof. Cooper and Burnett are the only professional news people on the station.
It has been my opinion that Don Lemon is a bigot, but I didn't think he was a that stupid.
Here's my theory, it got twirled in the air by a tornado barely made it over an erupting volcano and is now enjoying suckers with the lollipop kids.
CNN is always reporting on stupid theories like a black hole sucking up a plane or global warming. The onion news is probably more reliable.
I'm still waiting for somebody to say Specter sent a bigger stealth plane and swallowed up the littler plane to use it for some plan to dominate the world.
Black holes and black boxes, man all this ebony porn is turning me on!
So what idiot really thinks this is the answer. Cause I got one thing to say to you, if it's true, kiss your family good bye cause we should be dead about 2 weeks ago lol
Our Media is producing so much disinformation and misinformation that it is getting irritating just to listen about anything with regards to the Malaysian Flight disappearance. I cannot imagine how frustrating it is for the family of those who were on the flight? News Media just needs to give it a rest until something concrete comes to light!
Another reason why I don't follow CNN anymore.
I actually saw this spew live and I swear, I lost five I.Q. points listening to them.
It's pretty clear that he was hired for his appearance, not his intelligence.
If IT WAS A BLACK HOLE would the pilots not seed a dot in the sky? Plus few places on earth are researching black holes by making microscopic ones. not like one can magically form in the air?
Hmmm. "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." Does a black hole not exist in our entire universe? Where has the logic here gone? Sucked in by a black hole? HaHa. Why am I feeling that title pretty funny? You know, the theory of black holes is different from what politicians said on TV since it is beyond what they can imagine.
And these are the people we expect to fill the role as government watchdogs, no wonder the country and world are falling apart.
No, these are NOT the people we SHOULD expect to fill the role as government watchdogs. That is our job, as a people, who are effected by the government. I beg you, please, don't be dumb enough to feel like it's the job of someone on TV (especially someone who is mainly reading off of a teleprompter), to be a "watchdog" of anything for you. If you do, you deserve the fate you receive from that stupidity.
If by a black hole you mean a Muslim terrorist pilot killing his passengers by flying at extreme altitude and then landing at a secret location for the plane to be used later, then yes it was a black hole.
OK. Since they went there.A small asteroid ( the size of a small kitchen appliance). Traveling at 35,000 mph could have obliterated it over the Indian Ocean. Since we're entertaining wild theories.
Sorry to disappoint all the fear mongers but no terrorism.
When I was in college there were a couple of times when my pink titan rocket disappeared into a black hole. . . but it was a black hole with a sweet, pink melt in my mouth like fresh spun cotton candy center. . it was a black pooooooozey!!! It was a tight fit. . but for the most part about 7 of my 9 inches totally disappeared. . . other than the last 2 inches and the two bulbous fuel tanks at the back. . it was gone!!
News casters these days literally speak before they can think.
I am just surprised that they haven't blame on the Russians yet!
Actually a black hole would eat a lot more than just the aircraft. It would eat all of the space fabric that it lies amongst. In other words a black hole is not selective of what it swallows. I don't think black holes are as dangerous as scientists say they are. If the plane's black box or pinging tracking device was shut off manually then the plane was stolen. It is a very expensive fine to pay when the pinging device is shut off on a plane. You NEVER turn them off. I have worked with an aviation mechanic and he told me on small planes they are never ever turned off unless its by a licensed aviation inspector otherwise a large fine will be due. Just imagine the fine for a large commercial jet.
Black holes do not exist...they are a fig newton of overactive imaginations...
The black hole is on a trip to China to spend more millions on vacations.
How can you have five morons discussing a preposterous topic and call it news? Do you think the plane could have been attacked by Godzilla? Well, no, obviously Godzilla would completely destroy Japan so that's out, but perhaps the type of super powers we saw in the Avengers movie this summer? Does anyone care to chime in here about the Avengers theory?
The only black hole big enough to suck up an airplane is Michele Obama's #$%$.
I think it is human nature to want to believe things about it, anything to keep these people alive. My heart aches for those poor families. To go through something like this is horrible a plane missing or accident, but not knowing, it is bad. I hope they can get some good answers and that this is one of those that we never find out. They are owed that.
Perhaps it just shrunk to such a small size that it can no longer be seen without a microscope. Maybe it was devoured by a sea monster. If CNN has run out of facts to report then they should move on to another story rather than resort to wild speculation. We can do that ourselves.
Later somebody will make a book or a film titled MH370 and become a millionaire! International best seller!!
"A small black hole would suck in our whole universe....we know that" What? There are billions of black holes in our Universe and we have several in our galaxy, one very big one at the center according to reports. So how would a little one suck in our entire universe?
What is the point of this article?
The only black hole is in this reporters head.
I agree with a few others here that the jet liner probably ran out of fuel and crashed. Having sailed the oceans and seas of our world, I am truly impressed at the "size" of our planet. Finding a crashed airplane can be an almost impossible task.
This is what happens when a bunch of dummies are running out of theories and start throwing spaghetti on the wall in hopes that other dummies will buy into it.
One black hole could suck in our entire universe, she says. I'm not guessing she made fantastic grades in school.
And then he went on to offer condolences to the family of Wile E. Coyote who he saw fall off a steep cliff the day before on a TV show he was watching.
A small black hole wouldn't suck in our entire universe. As a matter of fact, we have a supermassive black hole right in the center of our Milky way galaxy.
This guy is an idiot, that plane is sitting in iran somewhere because the pilot was an Iranian and he took the plane to use against us sometime in the near future.
Don Lemon - The black hole is the one between your ears. You've gone from some kind of religious intervention this weekend to a quasi-scientific guesstimate. If the mystery lasts until the middle of April, maybe you can postulate on the involvement of the Easter Bunny?
A small black hole would not suck in the universe. What a moron. A small black hole will engulf the immediate matter and radiation within its event horizon, which would vary based on the size. I truly small one would evaporate as soon as it existed, while a larger one would cause bigger problems if it was interacting withthe Earth's surface. Just because something can't be explained at the moment, there's no need to inject an ignorant supernatural response. Keep your lack of science education to yourself Lemon, and watch Cosmos while you're at it.
if you read the article lemon did not suggest the black hole theory himself, he was reading some morons tweet.
@Helio Your description seems to suggest you have encountered a black hole. So whats it like inside?
The fact that Lemon would even READ a moron's tweet suggests that he is a MORON too! Irresponsible journalism!!!
" there's no need to inject an ignorant supernatural response"...isn't this exactly what you did, Helio???
@Angel, you posting seems to reflect the fact that you don't know anything about science, or black holes.
That moron was a former cabinet member. Just wow.
@Angel Have you seen black holes on earth? Seems like you live in happy fairy la la land with captain no clue.
@Angel, nobody really knows what things are like inside a black hole, but science tells us what we're likely to find due to the nature of the structure itself. Since it's a relativistic gravity well, we know that spacetime is highly distorted. Further, no information is able to escape the event horizon, which is basically the boundary that separates our known laws of physics from those of the black hole. We do know how a structure like this can effect matter directly around and near the event horizon. Science ignorance is no excuse to inject hyperbolic theories and conspiracies based on discomfort with the unknown. What happens around a black hole is better known at the moment, that what happened to the jet.
Further, for those of you who run from science, let me try to explain all this in a way that will hopefully make some sense to you. When a crash investigator comes upon a scene of debris and then proceeds to gather all the evidence before making a judgement, this is similar to how we do science. We collect evidence in the form of data, using tools available to us that extend our probing capabilities and ultimately reach a conclusion, or a few conclusions, based on the data available to us. Those injecting nonsense like black holes causing the jetliner disappearance have no grasp of the scientific method or even the process required to truthfully understand the universe. Whether it's related to how black holes function, or the disappearance of a jet, the crazy idiotic postulated assumptions do nothing to help us understand the subject, but they do speak volumes of the ignorance in people making the assumption. You don't have to be a scientist to be science educated, and in this information age, there is no excuse for ignorance. You use the fruits of science and technology, yet remain ignorant of the very foundation of these things. Hypocrites to the T.
24 hour news is mostly BS filler. Why is this newsworthy?
Not black hole, WORMHOLE big difference. This has already happened to a whole fleet of fighter planes, when they lost visual from the tower they were still on radio saying they were flying over uncivilized territory yet they should have been over the city, then they all vanished.
A mini black hole would explain a lot. I wonder how common they are. Once, a large airliner flew into the most secure airspace in the world and was not even detected. It then flew past the nearly 200 security cameras mounted on, and around, the Pentagon without even one picture taken. Obviously, by this time it had already been sucked into the hole which proceeded through a tiny hole in the Pentagon. Some people believe that indestructible turbine blades turned to dust and huge wings and tail sections just disappeared,. But the mini black hole explanation makes a lot more sense.
Before it was 81 cameras now it's nearly 200! And why would any of the cameras be pointed towards the sky? Totally indestructible turbine blades? You mean the same blades that are destroyed when ever a large bird is sucked into a jet engine?
I am never surprised by what the idiot box reveals(or tries to)on a daily basis."They" are getting really ballsy, to the point of science fiction writing. I was suspecting "they" would say UFO abduction, but "they" are still holding that card. The flight probably never existed, but "we" can only speculate what "they" are thinking/doing.
I think that he neglected to mention an alien abduction...
WHY BLACK HOLES? WHY NOT A PORTAL? WHAT ABOUT ALIEN TERRORISTS? I MEAN LOOK AT HOW MUCH SMARTER WE ARE FROM THE ANIMALS AND SOME OF US ARE TERRORISTS! WHY NOT ALlENS??
Glad to see our news media in such capable hands.
"Every once in a while, they're right.". Same as a broken clock. No wonder we're becoming a nation of blithering idiots.
Rest assured that people like Mary are running our government. Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee talked about Armstrong planting a flag on Mars.
Hello Yahoo. You are now only figuring out that Don Lemon isn't the sharpest knive in the draw? Hello? If it wasn't for disasters, CNN would be but a foot note in the history of cable news. Don Lemon exemplifies one reason why they have slipped below the ratings radar. He is embarrassingly painful to watch.
"sharpest knive in the draw"? LOL I guess you're not the "sharpest KNIFE in the DRAWER".
Schiavo's reply is equally idiotic. "A small black hole would suck in our entire universe." What??? Black holes are theoretical but if they exist, they exist as part of the Universe. How could one small black hole suck up the entire universe if many exist in the universe?
I just wish someone would find the thing for the sake of those families missing their loved ones.
Someone's on drugs. Maybe these people should stop smoking those funny looking little cigarettes.
Since when were black holes considered supernatural? And who the hell told that poor reporter that a small black hole would suck in our entire universe? That's a more preposterous theory than the plane disappearance itself.
You can tell that neither of these commentators have any clue about science. Don Lemon because he asks such a question in the first place and Mary Schiavo because she says "A small black hole would suck up our entire universe." Wonder how she explains the fact that there are millions of black holes in the universe and we haven't all been sucked up yet?
CNN is not step below MSNBC when it comes to complete idiots on the air. Not much of a difference between the personalities on either; they're all idiots.
Just more proof that journalism and news reporting have become a cesspool of mindless drivel.
There's only two possibilities... it's in the ocean or it landed in a hostile country that's harboring it. That's it. Better hope it's the first.
What's truly scary is the growing number of people whom can't separate reality from Hollywood fiction.
What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul
This is the problem with 24/7 media, they run out of things to talk about so they come up with #$%$.
People will be people. Most people are stupid, especially in this great country of ours. Don is an exception, he is intelligent. Enough said!!!
I think there is no sign of real investigative journalism because "someone" does not want the plane found. Examples.... If it is on Diego Garcia, fly a brave journalist to the nearby island and go look around. Phone the airport there and ask for Mr. Phillip Wood. Dig Investigative journalism is dead.
It has been hidden by the White House. The first objective is to get Fox News off the Obama care train wreck. Just before the mid term elections, they will work feverishly on fresh information, and promise the American people the plane will be found. Then produce the plane for a new found popularity.
Sure - just a random quantum singularity hanging in airspace, waiting to suck up a jetliner. Sure. Maybe an inter-dimensional rift opened up and they landed in an alternate universe where China isn't overpopulated and polluted, Muslims are revered for their humanitarianism, and Mexico is fighting off hordes of illegal immigrants from the United States.
And, no wonder they don't re-fuel the jet, turn around and try and get back here . . .
Don, you have watched way to many Twilight Zone episodes.
a black hole would not suck in our entire universe. We'd have no universe, what with all the black holes out there. In fact, if the Sun suddenly became a black hole, the Earth would not get sucked in. However, a black hole opening in the sky would show its effects. Even if it lasted only long enough to suck in a plane. We've seen no such effects.
I actually kinda like Don Lemon - but for God's sake. His lack of knowledge about Black Holes or even entertaining the very idea speaks volumes about the lack of education in the US nowadays. What the F??
he is mixing it up with the philidelphia experiment and the bermuda triangle
No surprise, they opened a "Creation Museum" in Kentucky. We are now officially 6,000 years old and Hollywood just proved that the Ark is real.
No, it actually speaks volumes about whatever he must've been smoking......Where can I get some of that good stuff? lol
I'm not doubting Don Lemon's knowledge about black holes, but this is ridiculous.
Lemon is reporting a question a listener sent. It's not his.
Daniel - ahhhhh (in Stewie Griffin's voice) I see what you did right there. Clever dude. Clever. Nice job.
Anything to deviate from relevant news stories as well as reporting facts instead of hype.
Don's comment might explain what happened to his brain after journalism school.
So it flew up Michelle Obama's big fat beaver? Never to be found.
What's next, the Bermuda Triangle was on vacation in Malaysia?
So it fell into Michelle Obama's #$%$?
Everyone is so caught up over a couple peices of debris within a floating garbage dump. Lets not forget that in the interim the possibility of if being hijacked by terrorist groups or a sinister pilot/pilots, is still a viable possibility. Id hate to be unsuspectingly caught off guard i.e 9/11, because we have been focusing or assets and attention on a spot in the middle of nowhere.
Why doesn't every one keep their opinions quiet until they find the plane too much bogus speculation.
They will find the Malaysian airplane when Amelia Earhart is found.
Aren't you glad your not one of those idiots that get their news from idiots?
It was zapped up by an alien spacecraft. Now they are going home snacking on Chinese take out. Other then that I hope they find it soon. I am tired this being the only thing on the news. I guess nothing else is happening.
"Could a 'black hole' explain MH370 mystery?" I don't know, but some AH on CNN is actually trying to convince us that supernatural voodoo is responsible. At least he didn't attribute it to global warming or Bush for that matter as most mind-numbed-robots do.
I have a nice black hole at home and I visit it couple times a week... Only idiots who don't know what a black hole is think the MH370 plane missing caused by a black hole
Not a Black Hole but a Temporal Anomaly. If the jet could have generated a Tunneling Neutrino Beam, that could have saved it.
Don needs to get more sleep and less time in internet chat rooms on Black Holes.
The worst one was this morning on CNN when the anchor said maybe they'd find survivors in the ocean tomorrow.
He should run for political office or even start a religion.
What no one watched the langoliers? Could be that, a tear in the space time continuum, a dimensional crossrip, aliens. Why not? Why can't the answer be on the fantastical side.
If they go with that theory, it could be a portal to a different dimension that opened up just at that time and swallowed the plane. And if it was, they'll have fun trying to find a way out. We just don't know much about that kind of stuff.
But still, wouldn't it be cooler than the inevitable rational explanation
I've said from the start that this is an Alien abduction. Why won't the news media admit it? It's not crazy to think Aliens and UFO's are real. Why would anyone in their right mind think that we are alone in the universe? I'm one of the people around the world that get abducted and put on a space ship for tests about every 10 years. Do I enjoy it? Hell no I don't but I can't do anything about it. The sooner the world admits that Aliens are amongst us the better we can learn and try to find out what they want with us. I've seen children and adults that were have human and half Alien.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof, so where's the proof?
Hey it's CNN, an artichoke with a teleprompter could work there.
PS: only 10 % of what's really happening gets to the press or anyone else, you'll just have to wait.
OBVIOUSLY he has no scientific background. But, if so, he is 200% WRONG.
The government sponsored media is a joke.
This guy is a terrible newsman, but my God, now I realize why. He isn't playing with a full #$%$--I mean deck. Like many CNN people, he is just odd. And to suggest a black hole proves he sure knows doesn't know #$%$ about physics. Not even in a rudimentary way. No anchor person on any network, cable or TV network, should ever say something that stupid.
Liberal news media showing how smart they are. How can anyone listen to these idiots. Problem is 25 to 40% of Americans believe him.
It was the lizard aliens that kidnapped them, or at least that's what they keep telling me when I don't have my tin foil hat on.
lizard people don't lie, must be true
Since when is a back hole considered supernatural? Granted, I'm pretty sure it had nothing to do with the plane but black holes are anything but supernatural.. I guess that's the polar opposite of calling "miracles" historical events?
Just goes to show you, only Fox can report FACT. All the other Liberal "news" channels are a joke.
This Lemon isn't even useful during some summer days, I would need heavy digging equipment to "unearth" his I.Q. We can see why CNN (Communist News Network) has ZERO credibility.
first of all. black holes wont suck in the entire universe. I'm sure there are hundreds of thousands of black holes in the universe and we're still here. Plus a small black hole would probably be unstable so it wont last too long. Still preposterous theory but weirder things have happened. Just because we don't understand something doesn't mean it can't happen.
And CNN's ratings continue to plummet.
Is Don Lemon a black comedian? Oh, thats Obama, Putin can't stop laughing at him.
I think I have had it with CNN. They take suggestions or theories and state them as though they are really being considered. They are sort of reckless and it's unfair because we are all tuning in to get the "Facts" not some fictional possibility.
They'll show up 10 years from now and when asked what happened they'll respond: "What do you mean 10 years, we left the airport 6 hours ago". Camera pans up to the stars and the twilight zone music starts to play.
A stow away on the plane in the electronics /electrical circuit room /bay messed with the wiring. Maybe worked with the 2 Iranians. When China finds out perhaps not so nice to Iran.
If I had to predict the outcome of this, I would predict that it will never be found or solved even if found. Several never have been, ie Amelia.
Reggie---Somehow, they'll come up with a plausible reason. The Internet will help. No secrets with the Net.
See folks? Just because someone looks good in a suit and has a great voice when they read from a teleprompter, doesn't mean that they're smart.
A talking head newscaster is just that a talking head that runs his mouth without thinking. The news has become a entertainment media just as a comedy club.
Only an Obama supporter would say that.
Wow, and they laughed at me for suggesting the plane went straight up and in now in orbit.
PLEASE anyone help stop the recent trend of media and advertising using freaking tweets from lunatics and trailer dwellers as if it were real commentary! Before you air something from a random nobody you should be forced to answer one question: would this person have had ANY chance in hell of being quoted on the news before the invention of twitter? If Bernie the homeless crack addict wasn't a source before, he isn't a source now just because he has access to McDonald's free wi-fi!
Just remember folks, you won't get a Lemon at Toyota of Orange!
I thought CNN hit rock bottom when they did 24 hrs of Brittney Spears after she shaved her head, but I stand corrected.
And suddenly everyone becomes an EXPERT on this subject matter...
Is it possible the pilot incapacitated the passengers, put the plane on autopilot and then parachuted out of the plane?
I think Santa Claus must have taken the plane to upgrade from his reindeers. You know, keeping up with technology. That makes about as much sense and is as likely as many of these dumb conspiracy theories.
The only explanation that a black hole would explain is the one where his brain should be, and that would explain how this nit-wit could come up with nonsense!
Don Lemon is yet another reason I quit watching CNN.
He tried to sound smart and probably meant to say wormhole. Unfortunately Forrest, he's not a smart man either.
If it was a black hole, our entire solar system would have been sucked in. I think the black hole theory is even less likely than the explanation of the Malaysian shaman who said the plane is being suspended in mid-air by elves.
I bet he voted for Obama...
Wow! It reminded me of the scene in 2001 a Space Odyssey when the primates were gathered around the monolith.
People who don't understand what a black hole is are stupid, huge idiots. It's sad. I would hope tha such a BASIC, REMDIAL concept is not taught well enough by the 8th grade to everyone. People should know it's not possible for it to exist on earth. I think what these dummies wanted to say was worm hole.
maybe, but don't do their thinking for them... they need the practice.
It flew into Michelle Obama's #$%$? Is that possible?
A small black hole would not eat the Universe, it would however, if it opened in the atmosphere, cause catastrophic damage to the Earth, if not destroy it. We would be doomed.
Evidently, not the brightest bulb in the news room. Seems like a nice guy but boy does his science need some work.
At least Schiavo had enough wits about her (unlike Lemon) to realize that it was nonsense to suggest the plane was sucked up by a black hole but apparently she wasn't smart enough to realize that it's not possible that "a small black hole would suck in our entire universe." Is everyone just plain dumb?
Black Hole, NO, however there are vortexes, and magnetic disturbances from the high sunspot activity, however this would not explain the sudden U-turn and subsequent, "Goodnight"
Can you imagine 24 hours a day for 13 days? They are running out of ideas to talk about. Conspiracy theories are as good as anything else at this point. The only thing worse would be to never find the plane. So much suffering for the families.
I'm impressed, two people just posting dumb stuff about planes getting sucked up by black holes getting national news coverage on TV about their dumb theory. Pretty impressive.
CNN has turned this flight in to an entertainment show...but then they are not very good at news so this might their thing now.
The plane traveled through a time rip and was sent back to the past and now the few passengers who were asleep during the event must now figure out a way to get back to the present timeline before horrible monsters finish cleaning up the past.
@Awakend I was afraid no one would get the reference.
Granted there are massive black holes discovered that could swallow our sun and probably more but really none have been discovered that are large enough to swallow the entire Universe. We don't know that much!
Well, this is the same network that continues to support and defend the failure know as the Obama administration... so this only reaffirms what we know about the mindset of that organization.
I've heard all my life about satellites that can count the hairs on your head and yet the real-life ones being used can't even find a Boeing 777 or its passengers and crew that number in excess of 200. Was all that stuff about how sophisticated the satellite images are just an urban myth that many of us have swallowed over the years?
The driver was Asian. Although his blinkers were signaling a left turn , he turned right. Happens all the time in America.
Asian man who fly B777 upside down have crack up. LOL.
I always wondered how it was that people could read or listen to the exact same thing and come up with complete opposite views about what it was they just read or heard....My conclusion after reading this, and watching the video...is that the world must be filled with absolute idiots. It is the only logical conclusion.
Qualification to be a CNN anchor: a face and good posture. Brain optional!
I find this article insulting, it could have been a red, white, or yellow hole. Down with racism!
Its sad the missing passengers of #370 airliner but what's more sad is there is MORE NEWS REPORTING ABOUT THIS JETLINER THAN THE MURDERS OF FOUR AMERICANS IN BENGAHZI...
A black hole would not "suck in our entire universe". There are black holes everywhere and they don't go out of their way to destroy anything. Heck, each galaxy has a super massive black hole at its center. Plus, the plane was obviously sucked into a wormhole, not a black hole. Completely different things. :P
Dear Supernatural Theorists, Take a GIANT seat, please.
Did she honestly say a small black hole would suck in our entire Universe?
This just goes to show how stupid the people that deliver our news are, hence the quality of the news as well as the quality of the people the news enlightens.
I watch CNN whenever I want the latest news on Desert Storm or the Rodney King thing or the O.J. Bronco chase.
Where is the conspiracy theory that the plane is at Diego Garcia...
You mean smuggling friend from movie BLOW?
Straight to comments on this one. I am sure I won't be disappointed!
Did Don Lemon say "black" hole? Rather racial and inflammatory, don't you think? Quick, call Jesse Jackson, call Al Sharpton. And, Rupert, right. These two, plus Courtney Love, oughta head a commission to investigate/solve this crisis.The trio could be named the Tommy-rot Trio. It's been obvious since the beginning (insert your own Twilight Zone interlude here) ... Doo-doo-DOO-doo! Doo-doo-DOO-doo! "You unlock this door with the key of imagination. Beyond it is another dimension - a dimension of sound, a dimension of sight, a dimension of mind. You're moving into a land of both shadow and substance, of things and ideas. You've just crossed over into the Twilight Zone!"
These theories are preposterous and another level of stupid. Black hole! Insane
There is no reward because some government knows where the plane is. Think about it. With today's technology, we are able to track everything! Cars, computers and cell phones have GPS systems so we know where someone is at. An airplane with that much technology does not vanish into thin air. Let alone the cell phones each passenger was carrying on the plane. If it was flying below radar, numerous countries have subs all across the ocean to track what's happening on air, land and sea.