Cut this #$%$ fabrications of the media and get down to the fact. When Flight MH370 went missing. First thing I question was there has to be very important people on that flight. The Motive: Freescale Semiconductor confirmed that it had 20 employees on board missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370
Did I miss it or did they not mention any ocean currents? In the early years of sea exploration (Columbus and after), they eventually figured out that soon after rounding the Cape of Good Hope in Africa they had to sail east on the Indian Ocean and not along the Asian coast, to get to Spice Isles much faster, in SE Asia. This current would be very near this supposed site of the planes disappearance...Its highly unlikely they will find this plane.
What if the plane go straight into the "portal of another world" cause until now they only have the last track of the plane but still missing.
It would be nice if they showed the new discoveries they found under the sea.
I was thinking the same thing.
It's funny that we know gobs of information about other planets and stars but we still don't know many, many things about our own planet we exist on.
Taking your comment to the next level, I think the space program should be halted until we know our own planet.
Funny thing is ... you can see some planets with the naked eye from millions of miles away. Whereas, in a muddy river you may not even be able to see your feet.
And of course, you can see stars from many light years away. In fact, you can see a few other galaxies without a telescope too.
With a new paint job and Bombay doors, it will be hard to recognize it anyway. As far as all the passengers that were on board, that was not a problem. Just open the door and toss them to the sharks. I still think the aircraft exist somewhere on dry ground.
tugboat - And I still think that aliens swooped in and capture the plane so they could run bizarre medical experiments on the passengers and crew. There is as much evidence of that as there is for your theory. See how much fun it is to play the "This is what I think game?"
We learn more about our own planet when we go to other planets, nasa is a need for human expansion.
@Dixon, So many things have come out of the space program, from printed circuits to the materials that make up the soles of your shoes and the satellites that make the internet possible,that, the space program has more than paid for itself in terms of spin offs. ALL research is good for something. In the ocean off NJ, there are the remains of an attempt to make a concrete warship. It was a failure, but what was learned in that attempt was used to build the portable docks used in the D-Day Landing.
@Reasearch It. That's why we gather data: to continue to learn about our planet. And @ Dixon, mapping our planet from space has produced more data in the last half century than 400 years of prior exploration.
To those taking exception to my comment about knowing our own world before venturing into space: Who is to say that all those inventions we've had as a result of space exploration would not have come to pass with ocean explorations? Even if that is not the case, there would have been more, and possibly better inventions, from deep sea explorations.
Personally, I think manned space exploration is expensive and rarely justified. I think fixing the hubble may have been cost justified... but most of it isn't. On the other hand, research satellites (including those monitoring the sun for CME's) are useful, in my opinion. But money for space station should be diverted to better uses, perhaps ocean exploration.
And unless we develop much faster "rocket" engines, humans on Mars is just a pipe dream.
@ V, I'm entitled to my theory and you are entitled to yours and the government is entitled to theirs but even their theory is nothing but a theory that they haven't been able to prove as of yet.
The way this search is going, they might have an easier chance of finding the Loch Ness Monster out there than the plane. I feel for the families.
So, if they had an old school compass, they would have realized they were going the wrong way!
duh! why would you put a old compass on a modern plane?
There was another Malaysian plane that went goofy and crashed. Is there any possibility of hackers doing something? Is that possible, you smart people out there? BTW, all hackers should be thrown into a flaming volcano along with their tech equipment.
The other plane was shot down by Russia or Ukraine, depending on who you ask.
Maybe it was an UFO that they encountered, they were all teleported mid flight to the spacecraft and then left the plane in cruise control to fly out into the Indian Ocean till it ran out of gas and crashed.
Did the aviation industry learned something from this?
good point... why in the world do they allow pilots, hijackers or whatever to shut off transponders... WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS?
It was pinging for 30 days. The battery died.
Wrong TONI... The transponder was SHUT OFF. The black box was pinging for 30 days...
This plane has a known problem with cracking around the antenna. If the antenna broke off, it looks just like the the transponder was shut off. A small break in the fuselage might cause a slow depressurization and sleepy people at 2 am might never wake up. What can be learned is that a pressurization warning set to 13,000 feet cabin altitude is too high. Tired people need it set lower while they can still respond. I give equal chances to intentional or accidental at this point. Both are still possible.
Great! Now we know why they haven't found the plane... TOO BUSY MARVELING AT THE SCENERY. jk
seems it also flew over a lot of inhospitable land. Land where things sometimes go and are never seen again. perhaps someone or something was not supposed to reach their destination.
The world seems to be bigger than people imagine.
Just look at the military base Diego Garcia. There was an iPhone transmission from there. It's hard to fake a times tamp and location. Dang apple products ;)
Why did Indonesia close it's airspace to American aircrews in the first hours after the disappearance?
And where is the link to the images? Stupid Yahoo!
Millions of years ago earth used to be all land with little water then the ice thawed and glaciers moved cutting canyons and ocean floors then flooded the oceans and the glaciers cut rivers ,then another ice age hit and now it is still thawing today in parts of the world and refreezing in other parts of the world ,man cannot manipulate earths temperatures or cycles of change like all the global warming freaks want you to believe !!!!!!! Just as this jet will not be seen again or found !!!
Everything we do on this planet has an effect on it. That is just simple physics. The only question is to what extent we effect the planet and the climate. Those who say we can't effect the climate are in denial of reality.
Counter Point- You mut be one of those man made global warming nuts.
You are the one denying basic physics.
Back in 1942 or '43, a German Q-ship raider and an Australian cruiser, H.M.A.S. Sidney, fought each other till both ships were fatally wounded in the area where the Flight MH370 disappeared. The Germans took to their liferafts and eventually they reached Australia where they became prisoners of war. The Germans said they last saw H.M.A.S. Sidney fully on fire sailing out of sight. After searching for 60+ years, the Australian Navy found H.M.A.S. Sidney only in the last 10 years on the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
I'm sure the point that Peter was trying to make is that the Indian Ocean is a big place. And it is not so easy to find things as the armchair stationed public might imagine.
That's a famous one, all right, and the Sydney went down with all 645 of her crew. The ocean can swallow anything. There's still no firm proof of the whereabouts of SS Pacific, the SS City of Boston, the SS City of Glasgow, or the SS Waratah, all passenger liners carrying passengers and crew.
Searching now and 60 years ago are not similar in technology or methods. However, given the overall safety record of the Boeing 777, is this effort worth it?
Back in 82 I could throw a football a quarter mile.
The cruiser was doomed by one of Kormoran's first shells, which hit the catapult floatplane and engulfed the midships in a gasoline fireball. Then the German ship torpedoed her forward. Both ships were hopelessly damaged by each other and greatly afire. Australian search planes reported life rafts of an unfamiliar design, and surface ships were amazed to be rescuing sailors of the German navy. But enough of that, however interesting.The studied and deliberate obfuscation over 370's cargo manifest is suspicious. Lithium batteries have no business being cargo on an airliner. They are a fire and explosion hazard . Whatever damaged the plane and incapacitated pax and crew almost instantly had to have been a bad hull breach, like that caused by an explosion in a cargo hold causing fast decompression and radical temperature drop in the cabin. No cell or sat-phone calls is very fishy indeed. Flight control system could hold heading and attitude even if one engine flamed out before the other. She would have gone into a stable descent all the way to the water with all aboard dead for hours already. Wreckage, when found eventually (2029?) will likely be concentrated in a small area of a very big ocean. I think the airline would rather the aircraft never be found. Their very suspicious behavior shrieks this to the heavens. Carrying illegal and dangerous cargo in secret looks bad indeed.
@Buford...I haven't laughed that hard in awhile...good reference
In those days we were libtard free. So when a UBOAT full of spies for the German bund arrived on Long Island, we immediately tried and executed all 8. You see what happens if we do that to a pig of Allah today....civil litigating idiots will be stampeding like a herd of rabid rhinoceri to be the first to represent them.
All right, Baron, I did not remember the full story...fine...you can call me out on that and that is fine, but do you really think it changes the point of my comment all that much?
As well as every other comfort on the planet. Why do they even want to leave it? Lefty mentality at its best.
Are you sure they do? Custom halal meals and weight lifting equipment that they did not like, so they "ordered" the prison to send it back.
I think Obama personally flew the plane, and just before it crashed a helicopter appeared over the cockpit, lowered a rope and pulled him to safety. Just like in one of those 1970s Airport movies.
boy this thread is like playing telephone....... what you end up at the end is nothing like how it started. :-)
I still can't find a pictures of naked Jennifer Lawrence..
Why would you want to? You can #$%$ up hotter things in a pickup bar. Or if you just want to look, go to the street corner or google it on the internet. Hollyweird leftards are only the most beautiful women on the planet only because Hollyweird says so.
Actually Barack she is hot. I found them, Erik and they are stunning. You sound like a fun person, Barack, with the clever Hollyweird comment. I bet you came up with more zingers like 'Dumbocrats' or "Obummer'. Those silly and waaaaaaay clever nuggets really do help us carry on conversations about things that we disagree. As for the plane...it was stolen. This thing did not disappear from radar for hours and kept flying.
BIM, I truly believe you when you explain that you do not think of clever things. Actually , you did not need explain that point; it is self-evident in your posts.
I actually enjoyed this thread. It began with an interesting historical reference (which I will now follow up on) and in the middle came a lesson in the law which is relevant to today, then added a very useful reminder to look for Jennifer Lawrence pics (maybe I'll do that before looking up the HMAS Sydney.)
Both morons are gone. You know what was clever? The second idiot purposely and subtly misinterpreting my comment in an brilliant attempt to insult me. Who could stand a chance against such wit?
Well, yes and no, Baron. When it comes to pictures of naked women (or actual women who are will to be naked with you) I think a 7th grade mentality will suffice. Who the hell wants to thinks rocket science with a huge pair of hooters in the face? Besides, the fahgs, of course. But then, no one ever accused them of being rocket scientists anyway.
wow.. really? some people need to have a sense of humor. Pure madness is here. Good bye everyone...
I enjoy Barack's use of derogatory slang while trying to convince the rest of us his positions are for, uh, I really have no idea. 'Who the hell wants to thinks rocket science with a huge pair of hooters in the face?' ME!!!!
Just let it go. Consider it a mass burial at sea. It doesn't matter where it went down. At this point if the fragmented wreckage were located, chances are we wouldn't get a definitive answer as to what happened. If it broke up in flight, the wreckage would be scattered for miles. Use your money and effort for a project with a better return. I don't mean to sound insensitive, but if I lost loved ones on that flight, I'd be resigned to the idea that I'd never see them again, and going forward, finding the wreckage wouldn't make any psychological difference.
No. Locate the wreckage, study it to determine a cause, implement changes to the industry for the better. It has nothing to do with anybody's feelings.
There's so much more at stake than that....The name of the pilot and the copilot (As in, will they go down in history as culprits or victims?). Possible issues with the plane design in itself. And, as you seem to have implied in your own statement, closure. I can imagine that not knowing what happened to your family in their last moments is saddening.
Why are you the judge of that Toni?
Vikas--If they find the wreckage at this point, they won't be able to answer any of the questions your are asking. Stop fooling yourself. You're running under the assumption the plane is going to be somewhat intact, and the pieces of it will be recoverable. It probably broke up in flight and wreckage could be scattered over several square miles.
The current search area is about the size of West Virginia, and is covered by water anywhere from 3,000 to 15,000 feet deep. Imagine trying to find stuff on the ground from even 3,000 feet in the air. In complete darkness. And the stuff you're looking for might be covered in silt. And the interesting bits on the ground might be interspersed with debris from a ship, a container, or floated out to sea on floods or tsunamis. And the debris could be spread out over tens of square miles itself as the plane came apart on its way to the bottom. Remote vehicles can explore an area the size of a typical city block in maybe an hour. This means that it could take about 9,200,000 ROV hours to search the entire area, and they could still miss a lot of key evidence by virtue of silting and low visibility conditions. This assumes, of course, that the remains of the plane is within the current search area. The ocean is vast, and man is small.
It took them over 2 years to figure out what happened to TWA flight 800, and that was practically offshore the long Island sound.
@Cavedweller - Your last statement is the most true statement in this whole shebang. "The ocean is vast, and man is small". This is worse than a needle in the proverbial haystack because when one searches a haystack for a needle, at least one knows where the haystack "is".
@Barnity: The needle is also magnetic. Parts of the plane are magnetic, but a considerable amount is aluminum. In the ocean, aircraft aluminum will corrode away . It won't stay bright and shiny forever. The engines have lots of stainless steel, magnesium, and titanium in them.
The main thing is the exploration of uncharted sea beds. Strange things may be discovered.
Could it be that the models were wrong and they're looking in the wrong place. One thing to keep in mind is that people were involved in this incident. Whenever that is the case, the mechanical capabilities of the aircraft are out the window.
Some technical facts to clear up here. You have to not only be good, but lucky to land a large aircraft in tact in open ocean. The large waves are like hitting 2 story buildings. You must be going as slow as you can and still be in control, plus landing along the moving wave ridges, and at a very slow rate of decent. If the plane went down at cruise speed on the autopilot, it is in little pieces now. Nothing that looks like a plane would remain. Some tail pieces, the landing gear, parts of the engines, would be the biggest pieces. The rest is shredded. That includes people. Large aircraft are like empty soda cans. The skin of the aircraft is a very thin tube, compared to its size, that inflates with pressurization, but can only handle about 2 psi negative pressure. It would begin to crush at about 4 feet, if it remained in tact. There are pressure relief valves that open to equalize the negative pressure to prevent crushing, but they are designed for air, not water and are small. The plane would have to sink very slowly to not be crushed. In other words, it makes a very poor submarine and would not remain in one piece. If it was in one piece, it would crush immediately in a few feet of water. So in reality, they are not looking for a plane, but for scattered parts in an ocean littered with scattered parts of shipping containers, garbage, and trees from the shore lines, on the surface, and sunken ships below. All in underwater terrain similar to the the areas around LA or San Francisco. Not level like the Titanic sunk in. The Titanic, much stronger than a plane, was scattered over a wide area. This is not an easy search.
That's fascinating information, Kurt. Thanks for the detailed post. Just a small correction: It's "intact", not "in tact" :)
Prassina - Yup. Saw that right after sending.... thanks Newnews - How'd you know? he he C-130, 727, 757, 767, DC-8 and small stuff to include helos up to 42 pax. Also an aircraft accident investigator. No gory details to follow. It is something done to save others, not to enjoy.
Shouldn't some wreckage have washed up somewhere by now?
"The skin of the aircraft is a very thin tube, compared to its size, that inflates with pressurization" The skin of the aircraft does not inflate.
so,you are saying the plane would not have disintergrated like the one that supposedly hit the pentagon?because the one that hit the pentagon(yeah right)it just disappeared..
Wow, Kurt. Thanks for the info. Very informative. Are you a pilot?
As it hit the water, it would have crumpled and shattered. Any barrel sections that remained intact would have been exposed to ocean and immediately flooded, so the pressure inside would equal the pressure outside. Thus it would not get crushed, per say, as it sank.
Your assessment of the dynamics of a plane crash at sea seems legitimate. The problem remains however, that some group within the intell community has to know approximately where the plane went down. With the very accurate and comprehensive satellite tech out there, I find it almost impossible that the Russians, Chinese, Americans and Europeans have no idea where this plane went down. We can take pictures of license plates and keep track of small bit of space junk but the world intell community somehow loses sight of a a 300 ton aircraft. Something just isn't adding up here.
Well cynical, the problem is that spy satellites are very limited and valuable resources. They also look at small areas. There is no reason for any government to have one looking at a remote area of the Indian Ocean devoid of any shipping or air lanes.
This is more like an impossible search. They will never find anything, I fear.
e knows not of which he types.
Never wanted to find it . Just like CNN coverage at the start of this crash. Alert Alert reported found nothing. Seem like they lead the public with B S. Now its to late .Quit watching CNN after that.
DG - Correct. CNN doesn't even achieve 10% accuracy, mostly by what they chose to leave out. When I flew, I could see CNN report the story differently, depending on the country I was in.
Rick Allen - It does inflate. In fact, the results of the pressurization system is figured into the aircraft's strength. The fuselage enlarges and stiffens. On the C-130, there is a slot by the navigators station that becomes larger due to this inflation. Too many navigators put their 3 ring binders in this slot, only to be unable to remove them after landing.
cynical1 - Surveillance really isn't that good. I have diverted 100s of miles around storms over the ocean, and over Brazil too, and no one would know, if I didn't tell them. You depend on pilot's accuracy, reports, and honesty for over water flights.
Opinionated - Maybe some has, but look at the countries around there. Maybe some Australians might figure it came from an aircraft, or boat, but most 3rd world people do not have that knowledge. And the debris does not carry ID tags, so who knows where it came from? A beat up seat cushion. Some floating item. The shores are filled with "stuff" with no ID.
A lot of parts would still have IDs, typically part numbers from the manufacturer (Boeing or a Boeing supplier). It can be stamped on the back side where the passenger wouldn't see but a repair facility could find it. Even seat cushions would have an approved tag on it somewhere saying it is good for this or that model aircraft. It must meet flammability requirements before it can go on an airplane.
wow, the whole thing is sad though.
How about on the beach of McDonald Island. Impact could be minimal?
too bad the truth is not told on this...the only reason the Australians are doing this is because they made a hugh deal with china to supply them with weapons and ships that they could not sell elsewhere for years.
How do the searchers know the plane for sure made the abrupt turn it took? Everything was off they said and the last reading was way east of this turn south. Also someone else had an image that could have been a plane up by India, I never heard anything else about this and am interested as that was close to the course the plane was on before the abrupt turn. Just wondering?
There was also a lady that was traveling by sailboat between Thailand and India that claimed she saw what appered to be a burning airplane gliding into the sea.That would be THOUSANDS of miles north of the search area.
It's at the bottom of the ocean, why is this hard to understand?
Has anyone talked to Ballard? He has experience finding wrecks.
With so many planes flying in so many flights in such wide expanses of uncharted ocean, I'm surprised that this kind mysterious disappearances doesn't happen as often as it could have.
Which area of study do I need to get into to have a profession such as this? (underwater survey) I'm still in high school.
..... Flight MH370 was carrying a lot of cash (millions of dollars worth) like a lot of flights leaving Malaysia. Central Banks use commercial flights to transfer cash back to it's bank of origin, in this case Chinese Ywan. These kinds of money transfers have been robbed in the past (Lufthansa heist in 1978 five million dollars) & (Swiss Air 2013 showed up in New York missing 1.2 million dollars out of a shipment of 48 million dollars) just to name a few....Why not take the whole Airplane?...Buy the pilot and co-pilot, plan a change in the flight plan, to say an old WW2 runway on an isolated and abandoned island ( the South Pacific is littered with them). Shut off the Transponder, the tracking system, change heading, climb to 45,000ft depressurize the cabin (killing all the passengers). descend below radar, turn to a final heading toward the island. Land meet a boat, unload the cash and sail off with millions in clean cool cash. Easy really. Sure the pilot might have to have a flight simulator at home to practice, and work out flight plan details on, but once that is figured out it would be a simple matter to just "plug" new numbers into the auto pilot. Of course then whilst flying "off course" it would be precise and in this case on an Airway. Easy to track until the airplane went below radar. In fact the initial (change of course) could also be used to establish a "decoy heading" before turning to the final course. It sounds so easy, so why not...anyone?
*YAWWWNNN* Another "expert" with his "expert" theory as to what really happened. This time, it's a robbery. I still say it was UFOs.
Robert S. Interesting observations. I believe this was looked at when the pilots flight simulator was examined. But no evidence was found. At least not any they are telling us about. It does seem odd that a plane that size can crash into the ocean and not leave any debris at all.
Bribe the grounds crew to fill the tanks to capacity, while recording the designated fuel load on paper.
Because of overlapping civialian and military tracking systems. To defeat all of them would require multi-government involvement.
Sorry Daniel, as aliens would skip this planet as there is no intelligent life forms here
@Robert s. What would you then do with the plane? If you left it sitting on a one of these abandoned airfields for any length of time, a satellite overflight would image it.
@Slestack.....Because terrorists/criminals perpetrating a billion dollar heist wouldn't spend $500 on cammo netting?
DH......Another Kool-Aid drinking "trust big government" loser. Robert S is aware that we are being fed nothing but lies and bilge by the "official whitewash".....I mean investigation. Some people can't live without big brother supplying their bottle and blankie, and burping them after slurping a belly full of pap.
Richard, I do you are familiar with the remote sensing capabilities of intelligence gathering satellites. They can "see" in many wavelengths of the spectrum as well as use radar and other sensing methods. If the plane was there, camo netting wouldn't hide it.
SORRY....meant "I do not think you are familiar..."
Satellites don't have much luck spotting drug shipments and hordes of illegals crossing the Rio Grande, do they? If satellites can't even monitor a stationary object like a border, how will they find something that moves? They can't find Zawahiri, can they? They can't even find Kony!
@Richard- that's because they're using the liberal satellites. Conservative satellites are more effective at zeroing in on the illegal immigrants.
@ Richard. I don't think the plane would be moving if it were just parked on a runway. Also, borders are invisible. Plane's aren't.
I wonder how many sunken ships or illegally dumped hazardous waste sites were discovered?
December 22 1989, I was home alone on a snowy evening. I was six years old and I had my dog Billy with me. His age isn't important. Ok he was seven. I went outside to play in the snow and I had so much fun. To remember my fun, I made a snowball and put it in the freezer so it wouldn't melt. When my parents came home from their dinner, I wanted to show them the snowball. I opened up the freezer and IT WAS MISSING!!!! I thought Billy took it but he said "no" and he barked at me. So i wonder if the mystery behind my snowball is the same mystery behind this plane. Hmmmm
I`m glad Billy didn`t end up in the freezer.
The next day, Billy ran off with my barbie girlfriend in his lambo. He didn't get his doggy license yet.
You have to admire their tenacity. Those are big oceans, and they don't have solid leads though, and this could go on for a lonnnnnnng time.
If it crashed in the ocean, a few pieces of debris should have floated, seat cushions for example. If the currents pushed those things away from the crash site they could be found in some other remote location. Follow the currents.
A controlled landing on a calm ocean wouldn't necessarily break up a plane... Remember, it took about 2 1/2 years to find the Air France plane that crashed off of Brazil.
Agreed Benster, but this was nothing like the landing on the Hudson River a few years back. Assuming that they didn't crashed on land.
Well, that there is the problem... NO ONE KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED. It's all conjecture.
I wonder who is paying for all this? The airlines, the insurance company, Austrailia, Malaysia? This kind of thing is not cheap. But I hope someone does find that plane.
They have NO IDEA where that plane went down and IMHO will never find it. They are wasting millions of dollars that could be spent on things like a cure for Ebola to mention one. People have been lost "at sea" for as long as we have lived on this earth and technology is not going to change that. I grieve for the people who have lost loved ones however, at a point in time you must move on with life and let those that are passed....pass!
Please look for my remote control down there. I can't find the damned thing anywhere!
My brother couldn't find his remote once. apparently one of his kids stuck it in the freezer,
I just checked the freezer and my keys aren't there either.
Really now, did they expect to find a flat, featureless expanse devoid of mountains and canyons?
Free idea to some engineer: How about several tethered undersea drones working in concert which are fed power by a solar rafts on the surface relaying data to land which alerts to anything linear? The images are geotagged...
Perhaps something good can come out of such a terrible tragedy.
The Ocean is Flat like up on the Surface, and it makes you forget that What we know about the sea floor is only a few decades old. We thought is was flat and lifeless. But even in the deepest trenches, it is filled with creatures that light thier own way around the place. Sunlight isn't needed when you can eat Sulfur dioxide for breakfast and generate your own food from a lava tube smoker. Go look at all the very neat pictures they have already found about the Vastly different underwater world, before you come here and scream at these folks for not finding a plane lost in the depths of the Indian Ocean. Please make your self aware of the Vast New things, humans are just now able to explore on the world they thought was plain jane in the books of old, What we know Is just now touching on the wonders, We literally only know less than 10% of all there is to know about our own planet, What is above the water is only 30% of the surface, the other 70% is under water. Be the curious creatures you were as kids, go learn some more, before you take for granted what you think there is, just from watching TV, or the Internet (which isn't even 70 years old yet,). Jules Verne thought there was more to the Sea than met the eye, and he was right.
It would have been nice if we could have seen some of the "stuff" they talked about in the 1st and 2nd paragraphs. But, ohhh wait this is Yahoo and they tease us with this stuff but seldom show it --- ho hum.
They might not have the pictures, or the pictures might be fuzzy,. as are most underwater shots done in the manner these were done. The good Pictures take better equipment and time.
I'm still traumatized by what I learned of the ocean on this year's shark week specially around the Australian, New Zealand and South Africa cost.
I wish Jules Verne were still here. I'd bet he'd be able to find that aircraft.
barnity - Jules Verne is a fictitious character.
@Brian - Jules Verne was a French Novelist from the late 19th century. An author. I think maybe your brain is fictitious.
@ BrIan, he might have been fictionaly played in a movie, but he was real, as was H G Wells, there are lot of names that are fiction, that tie into those that created them and that can make the names confused.
I would have guessed that the ancient black Africans who built the pyramids would have mapped that part of the ocean thousands of years ago.
According to afrocentrists they were black.
Shhh! Be very quite I'm hunting for weapons of mass destruction
Perhaps the science is useful since otherwise, they are probably searching in the wrong place.
Been a lot of ships and airplanes go down with everything on board. The ocean is huge and water is the most powerful force on earth. It's not always calm waters where they are searching. The oceans deep even though they are starting to map this part of the ocean now it don't mean they will find a plane that is huge compared to a person but so small compared to the ocean. Also the fact that they are just starting to map this part of the ocean shows how difficult it would be to find something out there.
I wouldn't be surprised if an unsolved-mysteries television program comes out claiming they were abducted by aliens and that they might be returned to tell their story.
I looked at 40k of pics on a site i marked what looked like part of the plane wings gone just over the eng and most of the plane broke off but i could never get any 1 to look at it also it had the same strips as the plane in this vid. i was on my wifes web under judy curtis i gave up on it 1 day i go back to try to find it again and they had took all her marked pic's away so i got tired and stoped. so when they find it lets see if the wings are broke off just out over the eng. only part that i could see was just where the wings go to the plane and about that much plane to.
Tragic event, but some very cool exploration.
Who really has that plane, did it really disappear into the sea?
It's gone forever. RIP to the poor victims.
Well, at least one good (scientific) thing came out of this tragedy...
What is spectacular in this article to warrant publication?
Oliver, if you had a loved one on board that missing flight, almost anything possibly true would seem spectacular.
Amelia Earhart's plane has never been found and people are still looking for it. I hope that they find it but the ocean is huge and in comparison the plane is tiny.
Maybe they will run across Amelia Earhart's plane.
I want to know the religion of the Pilot before I get on Board just like the model of aircraft.
Are they still wasting money looking for that plane? Trust me, there are NO passengers still treading water.
Now come on, you don't know that for sure!
Soooo.... the only reason they would look for the plane would be if there were still survivors? And if there were no survivors, then they wouldn't look for the plane?
Perhaps, they are searching in a wrong place. Some people believe this plane actually fell in Ukraine. Well, almost identical one for sure...
If it is true, think about how accurate to think South China Sea has oil. Not to mention if oceanic volcano erruption or earth quake.
This is how Tom Clancy would explain it. A plane carrying tech experts is hijacked by a terrorist group with someone who knows the plane inside. All tracking systems are turned off and the plane is flown into an unmonitored area where it is ditched. (Think Hudson river). a waiting vessel picks up all survivors, sinks the plane and picks up all flotsam. Group spends years gaining info from experts then will begin to ransom prisoners to finance operations.
They will never find Flight MH370. It isn't on land or in water. It is still in flight in another dimension. A "wormhole" or tunnel into another dimension had opened up in front of MH370 and the aircraft was being chased, which is why the pilot diverted the plane's flight path - to try to get away from the strange anomaly that was chasing it. Whatever (or whoever) was chasing the aircraft finally caught up with it and swallowed it - or pulled it into the "wormhole". The passengers, whether alive or dead, will not be coming back. It may have something to do with CERN, the discovery of the Higgs Boson. The scientists at CERN will increase the power exponentially and possibly MORE things from Earth will get sucked into this other dimension. The authorities are unlikely to examine the possibility of another dimension opening up because it is too incredible for them to contemplate. Don't believe me? Only time will tell that I am right. Or wrong.
Riiiiiiight (Dr. Evil voice with the pinky on the side of mouth)
Brad, I often have thought the same, only I feel it was taken by a huge UFO. Remember back in the 85- the 747 cargo ship that was being trailed for 20 to 30 min. over Australia? It is gone, if they do find the jet I will be schocked. The plane and crew, passengers, are maybe being used for expieriments. And yes I do belive in other dimension theorys also. Have you read where things falling from the sky that can't be explained are fallen amgels? Outcast by God. The flight MH37O boeing 777 is gone, from earth.
Laugh all you folks want, something is going to happen, mayby not in our lifetime, but in our kids lifetime, and I really do not think it is going to be good. God Forbid, but it is coming
Sir, you have a gift for fiction. I suggest that you run with it, you might have a best seller on your hands.
H370, but what would be the motive for 'kidnapping' an aircraft with all those passengers? It's not like the ET's need the plane and they certainly have experimented on humans many times before. You mention that 'things' falling out of the sky are 'angels'. The only "fallen angels" I've read about are mentioned in the Book of Enoch, which predates the Bible and Hebrew history. But scientists admit to the probable existence of multi-dimensions even if they won't admit to existence of ET's and their spacecraft flying in Earth's airspace. So, just keep watching the skies when convenient, Nancy, and keep a digital camera/camcorder ready. Something is coming, that's for certain.
hmmm...my comment above has been partially cut off. @Robert et al Keep on believing that it's all fiction if that's your preference. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
When something falls thousands of feet into the water it might as well be hitting concrete. That plane and everything that was in it shattered in an instant. Combine that with the fact that the depths we are talking about here would further damage any of those little pieces due to the pressure and what you have is a slim to none chance of success of finding anything. The Australians are hunting a small black cat in a forest at night with no moon or stars or flashlights to help them.
Why is Australia spending so much money on this?
because they put their foot in their mouth at the beginning of this by making comments on their ability and eventual locating of the plane. now with having the world hear all their promises, they don't have much choice in the matter if they want to save face
You guys going to post this same article once a week? I read this last week, the week before that, yahoo writers are pathetic.
Hills, trenches, temporary ratings for CNN. A virtual cornucopia of discoveries.
"It is also revealing finer-scale seabed features that were not visible in the previous low-resolution, satellite-derived bathymetry data." Did this jump out at anyone else? I know they've been mapping the ocean, but from miles in space and '1000' of feet of ocean?
Stop the BS go to VA of America and see where the 777 is located,not in the Ocean.
Everyone knows this plane was taken by space aliens.
How much money is being spent still searching for this plane? It's like a needle in a haystack and they predictions of where it crashed were all over the map. Even at that, it was only a best guess. What a waste of taxpayer money. I know the families would like closure, but there's only so much that can be done in this situation.
I wonder why China is not financing this, but Australia?
Still waiting for the future report that "suddenly finds the missing Boeing 777 in Pakistan", however the future use of the plane will be attributed to workplace violence.
This is a Malaysian Airline with full of Chinese passengers. Let them search. Why the Australian is wasting time and effort. By the way, good luck and keep on looking.
We all know that an alien space craft has taken this plane to their home planet to replenish their zoo.
Does anyone know if they have ever checked the location off India where the company (I don't remember their name) used their computer program that said it showed an image of a submerged plain? Just curious to me why we never heard about it afterward like they did not care if it was not where they (the searchers not the company) projected it to be or really did not want to find it.
There are many submerged plains under the oceans. Also some submerged planes.
@ nony mouse Lol You are correct, I cannot speel. (I mean spell)
Modern technology is still busy celebrating a possible detection of water vapors from a supposedly earth like planet that's 130 light years away.
Insanity lives on this board. Conspiracy my balls. Sitting on the bottom with a #$%$ at the wheel.
Maybe they'll find the Legion of Doom Headquarters.
The Legions are currently in charge of the Oval Office dating back to 2009.
If....as some believe, the plane is on land somewhere, that would entail a mass grave like Hitler did to hide his murders. Except there are no leaks of info on such. If.... as others believe, the plane lost cabin pressure, and all were asphyxiated , the plane floated downward in a level descent, and sunk largely in tact, "the needle is still in the haystack" so to speak, in a deep abyss trench with Capt Davy Jones. Exploded by an internal bomb ? no evidence of any kind to date. I will go with it is in custody of Davy Jones, largely intact, and unrecoverable
it would hve hit at 500kph our the effect would be like slamming into concrete it would have broken up
Thanks William - That's been my thinking all along.
I think Hitler is involved somewhere
@Howard... Even IF flight 370 was vaporized in a nuclear blast, sensors around the region would have registered radiation in the atmosphere. So, I think that scenario highly unlikely. Since there were two persons of extreme interest aboard flight 370, hijacking by persons and for reasons unknown, seems to make the most sense.
No, hijacking makes the least sense, Tx.
You almost lost me at Hitler and mass graves. Not enough people on board, and Mass Graves are created every day through out the Middle East, Asia, Africa, South America and Eastern Europe and many aren't discovered until years later. But the plane most likely is lost in the vastness of the Ocean as you state.
Hitler has been out of the picture since Ronald Reagan killed him with his bare hands. That's what a Republican friend said. He supposedly got the information from Sarah Palin.
Certainly the nations need to put a sunset on this very expensive search for dead bodies......yes?
I agree .......put a ending date on the search, and quit using taxpayers money from the different countries, and take care of the people at home.
I duno what happened, but I think they should question Adam Sandler about it. He did predict this along with other big freak events, he also said in time we will know what happened to the Malaysian flight. I'm not making this up either, he actually did predict this years ago. Pretty weird...
God bless Australia in its endeavors!
It amazes me that we know in more detail the features of our cosmic neighborhood than we know about what is under our oceans! Um... by the way.. this story is not primarily about the plane, folks.
I hope they find they find the plane, it'd be nice to find where it is and what happened. i remember when this news broke on cable news, I was just glued to the tv for a few weeks watching the news because of how mysteriously it disappeared off radar and no traces of the plane could be found.
I admire Australia, they've been in the news a lot, lately, all good things they're doing. I think they're paying for this search, right? And while they're searching for the plane, they're also mapping the ocean floor. This is exciting, because that area of the sea floor has never been mapped or explored, & they're finding a lot things that nobody knew were there, signs of volcanic activity, mountains, ridges, geological plates, etc. And that new instrument, the bathymetry, is something new, I think.
Odds are pretty good if they don't ever find it, it might turn up in the fossil record in about 60-75 million years to confound some distant future epoch's scientists.
I doubt it. Odds are pretty good #$%$ Sapiens will have been a very long time extinct by that point... unless by scientists you mean dog scientists or rat scientists or whatever species succeeds us... that is, unless we've long since ended multi-celled life on this planet due to our various madnesses, such as thermonuclear war.
@John - there will be nothing left to fossilize. Anything that crashed is now the size of dust particles, under that amount of pressure per square inch
funny you say that cuz they have found such things as engines and batteries and model airplanes in the fossil record...
@ricky - How can you say that when engines, batteries and model airplanes are far too new to actually fossilize. Searchers may fins such items in silt and muck, but not in fossils. In order to qualify as a fossil, an item must be stuck in mud, then have that mud turn to stone where the contents will have long been oxidized by age. None of the items you've mentioned have been around long enough to that.
Australia has shown a great leadership in finding a plane that belonged to a third country and was carrying passengers most of them belonged to another country. Australian efforts are worthy of praise and gratitude from the rest of the world.
The Aussies have done a magnificent job helping in this crisis. It's not their plane (Malaysia)and most of the people aboard were Chinese, but Australia has taken a leadership role in providing bases and hardware for the search.
I think they've got a better chance of that than finding this plane.
Don't be stupid. They are now with Great Cthulhu in his sunken city R'lyeh. That is not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange eons even death may die.
This VIDEO is not new information and has nothing to do with the article. Where are the pics about the Ocean floor?
remember these are 3D images, done by sonar waves. later they could do 3D animation to give us a visual picture of it all. The plane may have gone down intact. Possibility. If it went down in a trench we may not find it for decades.
There is no new information, as you say, but it is encouraging that someone is still looking...and since it is the Australians who are searching, there is some reason for optimism.
Are the Chinese helping with this ?? I know they did originally. but what about now ? I feel the U.S. would be helping if it was carrying many U.S. passengers. Just curious.
Here is the part I do not understand "The bureau said the identification of these features would assist in navigation during the underwater search phase for the Boeing 777, which is due to begin next month." If nothing looks like a plane WHY would they start a underwater search phase?? They have had way to many "we are sure it is HERE" to justify a underwater search. It makes one wonder are they waiting on the plane to arrive?? Do they ALREADY know where it is?? No explanation has explained why no debris. Even if it sank whole with no damage it would implode at great depths. It would probably break apart on contact with the ocean floor.
they are doing a methodical search covering thousands of square kilometres yes there has bee repeated explanation , the search area is about the size of the usa with mountainous seas and some of the most constant strongest winds. it takes 6 hours to fly to the search area
Because they get paid the same whether they find the plane or not. Typical US government procurement that pays for the development of flawed technology. Give 10 billion dollars to the first that finds it with the effort completely covered by private sector funds. Surely Apple knows where the plan is and some iphone is still beeping.
RG, great point. Searching for the plane is what allowed them to further map the sea floor. Now they are saying with this new mapping they can better search for the plane. It's a paradox. The Chicken or the egg? While your searching for the plane, your mapping the sea floor so you can search for the plane? Why retrace searching steps? While searching for the plane they discovered mountains, volcanoes, trenches and no plane. Now they want to use the map to search for a plane that they already know is not there? This is how science fleeces the GVT. It's just like using faulty models to prove man made Global Warming.
RG, I suspect they meant that seeing the mountains and deep valleys would in some way be helpful in navigating their new Ford Tundra trucks. There is no reason underwater wires with led cameras and lights can't be used to do the job. The plane probably sank in one piece and even with the equilibrium keeping it largely together, once a few miles down it has probably broken into a dozen unrecognizable pieces. The heat from the decaying bodies is the only hope in finding it in the next 6 months. The technology exists and reenactment with fake planes and listening devices could optimize the search models and sonar equipment. I bet the pilot abandoned the craft too before it sank and was picked up by some lunatic friends
By now MH370 is remarked, reflagged and nothing more than a bomb capable of flight. ALL its passengers died, before it turned back towards land, when it first deviated from it's course.
Then why wasn't it picked up by military radar..? Just sayin'.
Benster, pilots know where the different radars fall off. A bomb will do the job better T.M.I.H.
Most definitely was not aware of that... PILOTS CAN EVADE RADAR? WOW.
Agreeably it's a large swath of ocean to be searched, but things like life vests and seat cushions should float for months.
If that plane hit the water, it broke open. There would have been a LOT of floating debris, period. There wasn't any. Do the math.
Very true, unless it was blown up by a terrorist bomb. Then the only thing you would find would be pieces of floating debris instead of whole cushions or life vests.
assuming that the plane is there. It very may well in up as a terrorist attack some where.
Jw, even if it blew up from a bomb, there would still be junk floating around (unless the bomb was nuclear). Unfortunately, if the plane touched down into the water, it may not have broken up. Then again, I don't think they are 100% sure where the plane is. It could be parked in a hanger somewhere for all we know.
not if it sank in tact
There is a lot of junk floating in the ocean. Try looking in the wrong place for weeks.
First: There is NO way that plane just floated down to the surface of the ocean and sank intact to the bottom like some sort of feather. Planes that run out of fuel at high altitude don't just "float" down. The impact would have been more than enough to tear into a Aluminum fuselage of a aircraft. Second: If the flight crew were indeed incapacitated in some fashion, there is NO the Transponder should have been disabled.
brian... you do not know what you are talking about. UA 777 Capt (ret)
Sorry Guess, I know about aircraft construction, and Brian is right......Don't feel bad, I know all about building airplanes, and not the first thing about flying one. So it isn't an attack on you that you know all about flying one and not so much about how they are constructed.
Apparently, the plane did not break open and release floating items in bulk.
You have no idea what I know... so you must be another stupid liberal that just makes up "facts" as you go.... life in fantacy land... and again... you are wrong, as is brian trip 18 hours ago 1 0 Sorry Guess, I know about aircraft construction, and Brian is right......Don't feel bad, I know all about building airplanes, and not the first thing about flying one. So it isn't an attack on you that you know all about flying one and not so much about how they are constructed.
one more thing, to all you 'experts'... like brian & trip.... remember the airplane that landed on the hudson? IN TACT... NO DEBRIS
The airplane that landed in the hudson touched down in calm , inland waters, not open ocean. It was set down in a controlled fashion by a skilled pilot trying to save lives, not a pilot who flew purposely out into the middle of nowhere and ran out of fuel, if the pilot was even alive. Try again nitwit.
@GUESS - I actually worked on that very aircraft so I've probably spent more time in a 777 than you have, so we'll just start with that. Now landing any aircraft on a river is far more different than landing on an open ocean, so that is a fallacy. Secondly, the Hudson incident was a controlled power off descent which you should surely know the difference given your training. You would also know fuel burn rates go way up at lower altitudes so it probably didn't go as far as many think. If it was an inflight fire and the crew was to preoccupied to put out a distress call then it most likely went in at a steep angle from lack of attention. You know that first emergency rule you learned (FLY THE AIRCRAFT FIRST). Another problem with other scenarios - If the flight crew became incapacitated why were comm items turned off ? Why no distress calls right after the initial direction change ? Why the erratic altitude changes ? It's been said by other crash investigators that the debris does float for a while but then becomes saturated with salt water and eventually sinks.
It's always the jealous liberals who can't fathom someone having success... you don't know where the plane landed or in what condition... so your premise is flawed from the gitgo. Tell all of us the trim system on the 777... I'll be amused at your answer... then tell all of us about the electrical system.... like how many generators.... more fluff from someone who types from mommies basement trip 12 hours ago 1 0 The airplane that landed in the hudson touched down in calm , inland waters, not open ocean. It was set down in a controlled fashion by a skilled pilot trying to save lives, not a pilot who flew purposely out into the middle of nowhere and ran out of fuel, if the pilot was even alive. Try again nitwit.
Ron 8 hours ago 0 0 @GUESS - I actually worked on that very aircraft so I've probably spent more time in a 777 than you have, so we'll just start with that. SO, YOU ARE TYPE RATED ON THE AIRPLANE AND HAVE BEEN FLYING IT SINCE 2004? Now landing any aircraft on a river is far more different than landing on an open ocean, so that is a fallacy. YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE IT LANDED OR UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS Secondly, the Hudson incident was a controlled power off descent which you should surely know the difference given your training. You would also know fuel burn rates go way up at lower altitudes so it probably didn't go as far as many think. I KNOW ABOUT BURN RATES, AND I WAS ONE OF THE FIRST TO DEBUNK THEIR RANGE THEORY, BUT I ADDED AS TO WHAT MAY HAVE HAPPENED.... DID YOU? If it was an inflight fire and the crew was to preoccupied to put out a distress call then it most likely went in at a steep angle from lack of attention. You know that first emergency rule you learned (FLY THE AIRCRAFT FIRST). BS... THERE WAS NO FIRE... FIRE MEANS THE AIRPLANE CRASHED, LEAVING FUEL AND DEBRIS ALL OVER THE PLACE... ARE YOU DAFFY? Another problem with other scenarios - If the flight crew became incapacitated why were comm items turned off ? Why no distress calls right after the initial direction change ? Why the erratic altitude changes ? I ANSWERED ALL THOSE QUESTIONS... BUT GIVING YOU THAT PAPER WOULD BE FRUITLESS... BECAUSE ARMCHAIR PILOTS ALWAYS COME UP WITH THE WRONG ANSWERS, AND THEN THEY WILL EITHER BLAME PRESIDENT BUSH, OR THE ALIENS WILL ENTER INTO THE PICTURE. It's been said by other crash investigators that the debris does float for a while but then becomes saturated with salt water and eventually sinks. SO? EXPLAIN WHAT "A WHILE" IS... NOW THINK RAPID DECOMPRESSION AND A GREEN CREW... EXPLAIN THE O2 SYSTEM AND WHY IT ISN'T CHECKED PROPERLY AT THE CORRECT TIMES
Why were comm systems turned off? Could be it have had to do with a fire and tripping breakers? One thing is for sure, it's flight path seemed to be under auto-pilot and not human control
well richard... what do you do when you have explosive decompression? do you act ratonally? have you ever been in a high altitude chamber as those of us did when we were in the military? what do you know about the 777? how many electrical systems are there? how does the trim work? I wrote a piece about this mystery, and to date, no one has come up with a better theory.... and it was presented to many in the pilot community
the most difficult location(imho) to find the plane would be the Southern Indian Ocean Gyre, which ships cannot sail into or look under, but which could conceal wreckage, especially fragmented wreckage. real-time aerial observation of the surface of the Gyre by drones or manned aircraft is possible, but would likely have to be conducted from relatively low altitude at slow speeds, and via photo-recon. if the plane went thru/under the Gyre, it would be even harder to spot, or if the Gyre has drifted since the time the plane flew into it, it would be necessary to back-track along the line of drift, searching the bottom. it seems likely the pilot, who had a lot of experience and did his research, had a good plan how to accomplish this disappearing act.
Why no photos of the new discoveries. Something positive comes from this tragedy and you don't even bother to get pictures.
Hopefully in the future we will see the marvels of this underwater world.
There is nothing positive about this, nothing in the world. Families have lost loved ones. That is all that matters, nothing good ha come from this!!!
I guess it's good that Australia is looking for the plane but since most of the passengers were Chinese, where is China?
China are there. They just are using Australia's planes and boats. They don't have China Planes because why would a country let you sit your military inside their own military base. So they have people searching privately and the government.
The Chinese do have Navy aircraft in the search.
Chinese had plenty of replacements,not worried.
china has not yet stolen the technology needed to search the sea floor. They should have the technology soon after they copy the hard work of real engineers
China is to the North of North Korea.
Malaysia partnered with Australia (for geographical/technical capability reasons) and designed them to lead/coordinate all of the search activities.
The only thing you can fault China for is their trust of Australians. We are still waiting for the first plastic cup, mates.
I would never fly on a Muslim airline or one piloted by a Muslim. U can call me a racist, I don't care!
you wouldnt know if the pilot is a muslim or not, they dont come with a stamp on their foreheads.
Sure they do, ever see that little dent where they bang their heads when they pray?
Then we need to start an airline w/o muslim pilots!
Seems like debris would have been everywhere. Due to the depth of many parts of that area. The plane would have imploaded after sinking and debris would have floated to the top. If the plane sunk in a abyss, we might never find it. If the plane was on land, some group would already taken credit, or asked for ransoms. So with that, I believe the plane is in very deep water somewhere and the debris has moved on. For some reason they don't know the direction the plane was actually flying. They are only guessing. The Controllers must have been asleep at that time.
@ Lee Wrong! Actually, the plane would only have imploded if it were pressure sealed, sank to a depth that exceeded hull strength which then catastrophically failed. Planes are not made for depth and was taking on water as it sank. Once full, there would have been no catastrophically failure, and it would have sank intact,, containing all the debris internally.
Don't you wonder now if the plane may be in Iraq or Syria held by ISIS?
Often. I've thought since about day 30 that plane landed somewhere and in about 5-6 years it will be used in a terrorist attack somewhere. And only then will we see any part of that plane. I don't think we will see or hear anything of the passengers and if we do, it will be in the form of mass beheadings probably. I am hoping however that they don't know that an F16 will blow it out of the sky before it can crash into anything on US soil.
Think how much fuel would be needed to get anywhere that is a likely target. Thousands of gallons. Where are they going to get that? Much easier to hijack a plane during flight.
Actually, I did think of that. It was a 777, that's a lot of passenger space that can be converted to fuel space. Really dangerous but, terrorist don't care bout that kind of stuff. I won't say it will happen but I also won't rule it out.
Interesting posts, all... BUT HIGHLY UNLIKELY. Future terrorist attacks will be small in scale, but very terrifying... like the Nairobi attack or the attack in New Delhi. Just a handful of Somalis with AK's at the Mall of America could ruin everybody's Xmas!
We just bombed a refinery that ISIS was running, getting jet fuel isn't a real big hurdle to over come since it's available almost everywhere.
You can track tagged sharks on the internet all around the world. I put a chip in my dog so I can locate it if it were to run away. Lojack can get your car back. There is an app where I can track my iphone when its lost. Lose an entire plane and all you get is maybe faint pings that can also sound like other things that can be mistaken for pings. There is no debris. Wherever this plane is it is in one piece!
maybe they flew through a wormhole.
Why can't this plane be in 1000s of pieces? And all the fanciest tracking devices are useless 15,000 feet underwater. Besides, by now all emergency power is dead. So that hope is gone. There are no more pings to expect to hear. And you can place those pinging/listening/radar/sonar whatever devices in the water... but all you'll only get are millions of false reads to chase all day long. The problem is the search area is just so incredibly large. It's the size of North America. At that scale, it's literally like looking for a needle in a haystack, but a haystack they size of Los Angeles.
If the plane crashed into the sea, it most likely broke into multiple sections, depending on its altitude when it finally ran out of fuel. Even a controlled landing at sea is perilous as the engines place enormous drag on the wings due to the resistance of the water - and that's assuming a smooth surface. There comes a point when searching for this jet over a very large undersea area becomes impractical. Perhaps the better effort is to have all commercial aircraft send real time data on location and performance.
But there is not a trace of debris anywhere . Maybe the plane was ditched in one piece and sank to the bottom whole so no little pieces .
Real-time tracking using GPS, like is used in the trucking business, is a no-brainer for airlines. They also should have the detachable Epirbs (beacons), like used on military jets, that float to the surface in case of a water crash. There's no logical reason commercial jets don't already have both of these technologies so a crash site can be located immediately to assist rescue efforts.
there is no trace as they are looking in an area as big as the usa with huge seas and mountainous waves
Edmund.... Just because debris wasn't found doesn't mean it's in one large piece. Do you think you'd find debris in an area ten times the size of Texas? Please. The debris will all sink eventually, too. But regardless, the plane is 15,000 feet underwater. One piece or one million. AND... falling 15,000 more feet toward a mushy, silty, and muddy ocean floor, when it finally impacts the ocean floor it can be buried into the soft floor, or at least partially. So that makes sonar/radar/whatever even more difficult to use.
You couldnt' track your dog or phone if it was 10,000ft under the ocean
Norby.. That's right. And it's probably 15,000 feet. But who's counting at that point. Plus imagine if your dog had a great tracking device. And he's wearing it somewhere in America. Uhh.... That's one hell of a search area to start looking from.
The sea is so large and we are so small. We modern humans tend to think that our technology and acquired skill can solve every problem - we can't.
In this era of ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES- satelites, GPS et all, a jumbo jet disappearing without trace only points at one thing, and that is- This world and or earth surely is STRANGE. With vast areas remaining unexplored to date, only GOD ALMIGHTY, The creator of all things-visible and invisible- knows its details. WHO KNOWS WHAT ELSE SHALL BE DISCOVERED IN THIS EFFORT to locate the remnants of the jet?. LORD GOD HELP US, FOR WE KNOW NOT THIS EARTH YOU CREATED. AMEN.
Please stop preaching #$%$, leave us alone. Go preach in YOUR church. Religion is the root of this entire worlds problems. "No, MY religion is BETTER than yours!". "NO! MINE is!" I' am so sick of you people.
No, really where is the plane? It can't be under the Ocean, too messy of an impact to not leave any traces behind. Who is hiding the plane? Check the passenger list again, any one important? Otherwise, I still believe its was abducted by Aliens.
I am beginning to think this plane is in Pakistan or somewhere else and not on the ocean floor. With all the searches over thousands of miles and now 8 months later, NOTHING has washed up anywhere. Their has to be debris. Their is always debris. Something. a life vest that floats unless these pilots did the perfect landing on water and it sank with no broken parts of the plane. But then what about some sort of oil slick. I would not be surprised if this plane shows up attacking a country with 9/11 results and its by ISIS or some other sick group. But then the amount of satellites in space one would of had to see this plane on ground somewhere before it was hidden if that is the case. It will be interesting if they do find it. This is twilight zone in the making.
nah, its on the ocean floor. I'm only guessing but I figure the US has dozens of satellites on the Middle East at all times. Not to mention they would have had to pass multiple radar stations, not that they couldn't do it but that is a big #$%$ plane to fly low and slow to avoid radar.
Good points on the debris field and fuel slick. Satellites do not see all, especially where they are not focused. It's doubtful the plane landed - these terror groups can't keep secrets as well as they used to and given the infrastructure needed to land and then refuel a Boeing 777, it's unlikely that it's waiting somewhere for nefarious purposes.
Oil slick? The plane ran out of fuel so the slick would be minimal at best, and since no one began looking in the southern Indian Ocean 6 hours by plane off the western Australia coast for WEEKS, there would be no slick. Second, life vests would only float if someone was alive to blow them up (you manually inflate your own life vest by blowing them up - haven't you watched the safety demonstrations by the flight attendants?). As for debris... like I said, they didn't start looking where they're mapping for weeks, so any debris field would have drifted apart by the heavy waves and winds typical of the southern Indian Ocean. There is a lot of garbage in the ocean, unfortunately.
Long article that basically states they haven't found chit.
It was taken over by the pilot and headed for Diego Garcia as a terror attack and shot down by military planes. They are looking in the wrong place on purpose. An airliner crashing into the ocean leaves floating debris, none was ever found where they are looking.
MO, you ever see Diego Garcia? There's nothing there of substance. Your time is better spent looking for Obama's birth certificate.
LOL, an atoll with an airstrip full of B-52 and refueling tankers with bunkers full of munitions that bomb the hell out of Muslim countries at will is nothing?? Quite a juicy target in the middle of nowhere.
I am of the school of thought that they had an emergency, maybe the pallet of lithium batteries they were carrying caught on fire, they turned the plane around and put it on auto-pilot and tried to deal with the emergency, the pilots had 30 min of oxygen and the passengers had 15 minuites, not enough to get back to port, plane flew itself out of fuel and broke up badly in the crash.
School of thought? Perhaps you should go to a real school.
Richard good thought but you forget. the transponder was turned off as with communications in sequence which is not a sign of fire, you dont just put a plane on autopilot, it needs to be programed and if it broke up upon crash why isnt there any debris.
This airline has plunged and gone under as far as passenger revenue is concerned anyway. Enough already with the headlines on Malaysia Airlines.
the biggest mystery of this century and indeed it might never be solved. I was an aircraft engineer for many years and that of course makes me no expert but one thing I do know. An aircraft of this size going down in an ocean even this vast would leave floating debris. Something should have been found by now.
Alkoholic couldn't be more wrong. Things like this need to be found and then we need to find out what happened. If not then the same thing can happen over and over again. Especially in aviation, you have to find out what brought planes down because it can happen over and over again if not fixed.
Alkoholic is a waste of time and manpower.
I feel she(boeing 777) is not on this earth anymore. Laugh all you want, remember the Japan airlines 747 being followed over Alaska by a huge as the pilot called it Mother ship? The CIA took all the evedence. More and more of these unwanted visiters have been showing up. 2010, Feb, my husband and I were out on the front porch smoking cigs, I told ricky the light I saw coming towards us was not right. Then a big sqaure thing that was hollow in the middle shows up and stayed for a good 10 min. before we felt to get the hell inside! It had green, yellow, red, and other colors I may not remember. To this day my husband will not talk of it. I know what the hell we saw!
This happened during Hussein Obama's disastrous presidency. Coincidence?
And in a Parallel Universe, they are still trying to figure out where the extra plane came from.
looks like some beachcomber would have found a piece of the plane by now.
Since no debris has ever been found, I see no other conclusion than MH370 did not crash onto the sea, it did a control descent on it. This makes it harder to be found. There are so many WW-2 training missions with single planes or whole squadron disappearances still not found around the world.
Flight 19 disappeared off the coast of Florida in I think 1945. No clue as to where it went even to this day.
Remember the Valuejet crash in the Florida evergaldes many years ago. They could find the exact location of the impact, but could not find hardly any debris. That certainly was not a controlled decent.
It's a good thing I watched that video, it told me exactly what we knew 5 months ago. Don't get me wrong, my heart still goes out the families of the all those aboard.
Your heart goes out does it? What a dipstick cliche! You phony. So you wake up in the morning every day and think of them do you?
I believe you can empathize without having to think about something daily. There's really no need to get nasty, now was there?
The pilot took the plane over in an attempt to crash it into the U.S. military and communications installations on the island of Diego Garcia, and the U.S. military blew the plane out of the sky. No remnants will ever be found. Either that, or there was a catastrophic systems failure that killed all on board, and the only thing the pilot had time to do before he expired was turn the plane to head it out over open waters where it eventually ran out of fuel, so it would not crash on land in a populated area and cause further death and destruction on the ground.
I doubt it. If the pilot wanted to attack Diego Garcia, he would not have flown so far out of his way.
Either that or aliens did actually take it. More likely than your theories.
Why would the pilot care about further death and destruction, if his mind-set was to destroy installations on Diego Garcia, surly death and destruction there.
They could be in the Bermuda triangle.
Next time wait till you have real evidence then you can make news.
@GD, they are way past the later stages of a search, in fact they are simply wasting money at this point.
GD. We don't need to hear about their discoveries sea floor we want to know about the fact of the MH370 plane.
So where are the images that were released? Why use a stupid stock pick and some lame video that has nothing to do with this story which is that new trenches were discovered. Man, who runs the editorial department on this site? Show us the freakin' pics instead making us go hunt for them ourselves. IDIOTS!
It makes you wonder why we still read these stories on Yahoo. I guess we're still hoping for real journalism.
UFO'S ALIENS ABDUCTED TO THEIR SPACE FOR EXPERIMENTS...WHY BOTHER TO LOOK FOR IT? 100% IT'S THERE!
I am a lot more interested in seeing the mapped ocean floor. I could care less about more theories of where the plane crashed.
I did mh370 for my school project. A bag sleeve of premium saltine crackers in the bottom of a fish aquarium.
Is it possible this plane was taken? Possible for a weapon later... Conspiracy theory no trace of this plane what so ever after months of searching not even a piece, The several months ago Iran reported uranium was stolen.... looks to me like by now no matter how good of pilot this guy was the plane could have landed on the water but with a 3 foot swell even the wings or something would have separated. These guys could very well be a involved with ISIS, didn't indicate why they took plane... Just a theory.... lol don't think aliens took or sea monster ate the plane but with all that's going on very possible
There is no reason to perform a high-profile hijacking, which will call attention to the plane, and repurpose it for some feeble James-Bond villainy. It would be far easier to purchase a used airplane for any alleged nefarious plot.
I think your last theory is more plausible
I love conspiracy theories!,opens up a realm of possibilities that gets everyone thinking
Curious, why is Australia 'vowing' to do all it can, but the Chinese are silent? The plane did, after all, carry '239 people, many of them Chinese passengers.' The Aussies have no stake in this. Just curious.
the fish have dining on Chinese for months
Nobody wants Chinese warships in the Indian Ocean, genius. Also, Australia's navy patrols this area, and, China is footing the bill. Did you know that we're on this thing called "the internet" where information is just literally 1 typed question away??
yes john,everything on the internet must be true.
Probably a lithium battery brought it down!
No dummy. It was brought down when someone used their cell phone after the captain said turn off all devices.
The pilots union needs to stand down and allow security cameras throughout the plane.
In may areas we know more about the surface of the planets than we do about the bottom of the oceans. Oceans cover a lot more of the earths surface than land masses and we should spend as much on ocean research as sending people to the space station. Even NASA's scientists recognized years ago there would be better areas to spend the money than a space station. It was built for political purposes.
If they can't find an airplane of this size for this amount of time with all that technology and science, why should I believe them when they tell me man is the cause of our climate?
You believe only what you want to believe.
You're right if search and rescue can't find a plane then why trust science at all? Next time your doctor tells you, you're about to die unless you get x surgery or x medication don't believe him. If they can't find an airplane of this size for this amount of time with all that technology and science why should you believe them when they tell you that the medication or surgery can save your life?
I thought they were looking for a plane, not volcanoes.
I was shocked to learn that all commercial planes didn't have CONSTANT, REAL-TIME, TRACKING being recorded at third-party sites, et cetera. The FBI could track any persons every move with their cell. But nobody's cell on M370 can trace the plane's trajectory?
no signal up there,not to mention they tell you to turn them off.
There are no cell towers anywhere in the middle of the southern Indian Ocean. There is no anything. They are looking for a needle in a haystack the size of the USA. There is absolutely nothing anywhere around the area they believe the plane went down, and yes, because of the last of the "pings" off satellites (which only happen once an hour), they do have an idea where the plane went down, unfortunately, that idea, like I said earlier, leaves them in a remote area the size of the US, in an ocean area whose depths are 15000. It took 73 years to locate the Titanic in 13000 and they knew where it went down, give or take 10 miles, in an area of the ocean that was relatively flat.
how come the writer is shocked that they found new features in a previously unexplored area. Come on, get a life
Where in earth does it say or indicate the writer of the article is shocked?
Chinese govn really doesnt care since the damn country is over populated. The need to find more lands not people. The reason they are invading Other Parts of Asia.
Many believe they can't find it because it didn't crash. One theory is that it will be used to deliver a dirty bomb to Hong Kong or L.A.
Another theory is that God came down and transported all on board to heaven. Still another is that aliens intercepted the plane and captured all on board. A third is that a temporal rift opened up and the plane was transported back in time to a prehistoric era where it crashed into a pterodactyl. Isn't this fun?
Sorry but planes do not crash into oceans and leave absolutely no trace of wreckage or oil. This whole operation is all a cover up for what really happened. This plane was hijacked and all the transmitters were deactivated by professionals who knew what to do. How about a list of the cargo...including any top secret material. Some people on that plane were not suppose to make it to China. That is why the plane is missing along with the cargo. And it is NOT in the sea. Not one single item has been found to assert that it crashed in the sea.
They are hiding the plane in the same studio where they faked the Apollo Moon Landings ! But you probably already know that !
"planes do not crash into oceans and leave absolutely no trace of wreckage or oil." Sure they do. Especially if the searchers still have no good idea where to look. What happened to Amelia Earhart's plane in 1937? Or the "lost squadron" of torpedo bombers that in 1945 went down in east of Ft. Lauderdale? I can name dozens of others, but "This plane was hijacked and all the transmitters were deactivated by professionals who knew what to do" Absolutely ZERO evidence of this. A fire or power failure could have disabled comm equipment. The theory that is simplest is the one that fits. In flight emergency, pilot tried to make emergency, didn't make it, plane files on autopilot until fuel exhausted. See? Simple.
Glenn you have absolutely no business on this board... you think too rationally! LOL
"planes do not crash into oceans and leave absolutely no trace of wreckage or oil." ...unless they are out of fuel which causes them to crash into the ocean and the search for the plane in that area of the ocean doesn't start for a few weeks, by which time any debris/wreckage and small bits of oil will have had time to disburse. And our oceans are pretty filthy thanks to humans, there are all kinds of plastics and garbage and plane wreckage that have never been cleaned up, so all that disbursed debris and wreckage and oil will just blend right in.
Basically they are trying to say we are wasting money on finding the plane but we found some new discoveries. You can't find something if its just not there. I am actually surprised they haven't put a different plane out there just to help with the cover up. The plane was hijacked and or shot down, the cover up only helps if they feel the truth of the outcome will lead to much worse scenario.
Once it is discovered that the plane isn't in this Ocean anyways and the search moves on to closer to where it was actually shot down.
The airplanes engines manufacturers have constant communication when they are running, telemetry, speed, location, and engine condition constantly monitored by Rolls Royce. Any pilot of these planes can attest to that fact, even to the point that the plane can be radioed by Rolls to inform them of an issue with one of the engines and advise them on how to handle it. What reason is there that they cannot definitively provide for the planes location?
Can you tell where your kids are just by calling them on the phone?
There is an app for that, but they have to answer the call.
It's in the Mother ship. The extraterrestrials ordered Chinese Take Out for lunch.
I have a hard time believing that there has been no wreckage to wash ashore somewhere out there. Hitting the water should have made wreckage. Just another mystery that CNN can dwell on for another year or two.
I wouldn't be surprised of remnants of civilizations in some deep waters that might have gone through some cataclysmic event such as a volcano eruption or earthquake. We've already found underwater vestiges of the past off coastlines of India, Japan, Cuba, and Egypt possibly indicating mass flooding of some type. Interestingly enough, over 100 ancient cultures across the world share the "great flood" legends. Best to keep mind open at all time.
Its gone. Give it up. And why is Australia doing the search, it was a Malaysian plane.
They are all still alive partying under the ocean.
I imagine this exploring is the real reason for the search. At least they're getting something out of it.
This pilot was a Muslim. I bet his last words were Allah Akbar before he killed everybody!
at least something of value is being learned even if they haven't found the plane. keep at it folks, the next discovery is just waiting to be found.
Misleading headline. Would assume that it was about the plane, not geological formations. Usual poor reporting
"Remnants of volcanoes, towering ridges and deep trenches have been discovered on the seabed..." But No Jet! Hmmm, I wonder if that plane has become crushed by EXTERNAL pressure at those depths and has become a part of that terrain?
No, aircraft are not water tight. Windows and doors are plug type, meaning the pressure inside the aircraft helps hold them in. The windows would fail long before the pressure would crush the fuselage.
The peices of it are probably sitting at the bottom of one of the many deep trenches that can be found in that part of the ocean. People seem to forget exactly how large the ocean is and how tiny the area is that our instruments can see at any given time.
GD, since you are so sure, I take it you have evidence to the contrary?
Wow - nice pictures of the underwater terrain. Thanks Yahoo!
Could this plane be in the Jungles or Viet-Nam or Cambodia in the Mekong Delta.
The US has the best satellites in the world, the plane went missing near china, we have satellites over china. Malaysia government has lied from day one. Dont have to be a moron to realize this was and is a government conspiracy, simple.
Would not be surprised if the detailed underwater mapping is being funded by the Big Oil companies. It would make sense.
I've been on Google Earth since this happened, been looking at islands, so far the best ones I have found for their not being found are the Keeling Islands, some of them are not habited at all.
It took 2 years to find the Air France Flight 447 in the Atlantic when they had a much better idea where to look, so this is not too surprising. I suspect that the amount of money spent to find this one plane would be more than adequate to equip the entire commercial fleet with real time radio transponders so that this kind of loss would never happen again.
Real time radio transponders that cannot be swathed off, I hope.
the fleet is already equipped. it's the cost of the subscription that is too expensive... the plane had contact with a satellite, that's how they determined this area to begin the search. had MA paid the full subscription for the engine monitoring system, we would know exactly where it hit the water.
Reaps, I believe they/we are referencing an automatic deployable floating radio buoy. I believe some airlines have them installed but the complain it, it will cost too much to retro-fit the existing fleet of airplanes.
why go to the extra trouble and cost, the engined are already equipped with real time transponders, they simply need to be utilized.
Reaps, if we remember, that data was not accessed until days or perhaps weeks later. Generally speaking, boaters all have floatable GPS transponders. Some are manually released others, mine, are automatically released when the boat sinks far enough to effect the ago release.
bomb that "good idea" turned out to be somewhat unreliable.
Wrong:! They found bodies and plane parts within a few days and weeks. Black Box was what took two years!!
This is from Wikipedia While the Brazilian Navy removed the first major wreckage and two bodies from the sea within five days of the accident, the BEA's (Bureau d'Enqutes et d'Analyses pour la Scurit de l'Aviation Civile) initial investigation was hampered because the aircraft's black boxes were not recovered from the ocean floor until May 2011, nearly two years later.
NotSoSweet I was referencing the MH370
FALSE...It took two years to find the BLACK BOXES...Wreckage and bodies were found within a wrrk by Brazilian authorities. Know your facts before you spew bullchit
all right already....you don't have to be a scientist to know where the plane is. the plane is 'destroyed' and we all know why. so instead of agonizing over where it is, how about directing all the energy into condemning the muslin murder who did it instead and the muslim 'community' of liars and hipocrits who are the real problem, not 'where is the frickin plane?????'
MH370 will be "discovered" if and when the Chinese government decides.
Mh370 is Jimmy Hoffa of aviation.
Granted, the day is young, but I expect that to be the best comment I read all day. Fifty years from now they'll still be talking about both.
Deep underwater trenches & towering ridges in the South Pacific Sea? Sounds like Cthulhu was responsible for the disappearance...
GOODNESS! Do you mean the ocean floor in the Indian Ocean looks the same as the ocean floor over the rest of the globe??? Who would have thought?
To actually find the plane will definitely take a while and probably a very long time.
I do, But don't believe this Plane is still missing without anything being found. Cover Up ?
MH370 is not under water. It never was. it was flown into the hands of terrorists that will use it as they did on 911. The pilot and co-pilot were both Muslim. The pilot built and used a simulator, kind of suspicious because no other pilot does this.
Which is it? Did Muslim terrorists take it, or did someone fly it to an American military base like the guy "Eye" said in the comment before yours?
Hijacking a 777 and keeping it hidden for multiple months against a multinational search just for another suicide attack...why? It would be much easier, cheaper and less risky to buy an old wreck (remember - it just has to fly one more time, even if the landing gear falls off after take-off, it would be no issue) and do the attack. Cover story: Company wants to scrap old aircraft. And no other pilot has a flight simulator at home? Are you sure about that? A pilot having a flight simulator is suspicious of being a fanatical aeronaut - you know, the type of people who dream being a pilot since their early childhood and who pursue their dream. (Nothing wrong with that)
I hate to be a naysayer, but I doubt this plane will ever be found. May all those souls on board who perished rest in peace.
This plane was flown to Central Asia somewhere, the passengers were liquidated, the plane has been repainted and it's sitting beneath camouflage waiting to be flown by some Muslim extremists into whatever civilian or military target they've selected but our government doesn't want to admit that. Airliners don't just disappear without a trace unless some serious planning was involved.
This plane will never be found especially since we really don't even know if it crashed. It's an X file.
Yea , Right . their sitting around a camp fire on the beach roasting marsh mellows or taken by Aliens . You are an Idiot !! haha
It really is amazing tat we know so little about the planet we live on. Wouldn't it make more sense to spend the time and money on finding out about where we live instead of investigating outer space? I mean if we more fully understood our home, would we not be better prepared to take care of it and learn to live in ways that are not as harmful.
You have to account for the mentality here. The one who gets and develops outer space resources becomes the BIG DOG of the neighborhood.
No, of course, a whole planeful of people dying is never worth it, but I hope all the information gathered is not wasted.
Can tech people answer this... Why can't the passenger's cell phones trace the plane's trajectory? Is it because the altitude and remoteness of where it flew, which was never near cell towers? That can't be. I'm shocked how low tech this stuff turns out to be on planes.
Why NO floating debris whatsoever??? Not even a seat cushion. not an oil slick. Why no comment from the navy base at Diego Garcia on what they saw or didn't see?
yes there was floating debris how ever in an area bigger than the usa it was impossible to locate the americans are only a minor part in this however they found nothing
Ok, here's your report from the Navy at Diego Garcia about what they didn't see: "We didn't see anything."
Has anyone considered the possibility MH370 and MH17 were the same aircraft?
The plane isn't where they are looking for it. It will be found after it crashes into some nuclear reactor or other high value target.
Sorry, but it wouldn't do much more than scrape the paint off of a nuclear reactor building. The US military tested the walls buy slamming a fighter jet at 700 mph into a wall constructed to be identical to those used in nuclear reactors. The plane simply disintegrated and the only thing left of it were little pieces, the wall was intact and the only obvious damage was to the paint and a few small cuts where the plane impacted the wall. The video is awesome and you can watch it on youtube if you fell like it.
Sorry that should have been feel, stupid phone puts in the wrong words all the time.
Good points did not know nuke reactors were built that strong. I wonder if it would different though if the plane were packed with explosives?
That plane was downed in Russia. Where the M117 flight and the scientists?
Many countries have searched for that missing plane in the Pacific and Indian oceans since it's disappearance. But have the looked in the ocean where the plane first went off the radar of air traffic controllers tracking it?
Where it went of radar? Gosh, I'm sure they never thought of that! You are so brilliant.
They did, until the reports came of the aircraft overflying into the Indian Ocean-
PauL : I called YOU out, and YOU ran- WHO's the "coward" NOW?
#$%$? is this #$%$ up here?
Folks: You will have to excuse the extremely rude interruption and idiotic comments by a (he claims") "doctor" named""Paul"-he loves to make a JACKAS of himself to the entire world- Despite the subject of the comments, he's constantly spouting his anti-vaccine, 9/11, or other conspiracy drivel, along with totally false accusations about me, which he REFUSES to prove!
JOHN do you really think people pay attention to you? Feel happy I do, I am the only one who pays attention to you, of course I am attempting to help you get your head out of your a ss but hey they say we couldnt get to the moon either
Paul: In ALL of your posts COMBINED, you've gotten 4 Thumbs down and ONE thumbs up- I have over 25 thumbs up on ONE comment- so who's comments are read? : Nobody on Earth except yourself gives a rodent's rectum what you think= PERIOD, so why dont you PI OFF, or keep your childish remarks confined to the subject at hand
Paul: You gave up making comments on the articles because you were shut off because of so many thumbs down-
WHAT THE BLIP? I mean I know flying out at sea is disorienting specially at night but that guy pull a 180 and kept going, a basic compass would have told them they were heading the completed direction of the intended heading.
Maybe it went under and morphed into a submarine then went it a cave. You can fool some of the people some of the time but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
Find a lost colony ... did ya?
another 5-6 disappeared planes and we'll finally be able to map the oceans.
It is strange there was never any debris see floating in the ocean. This fact causes me to wonder if the plane may have landed in a remote location and the passengers are being held captive. Rather than asking for ransom the captors figure it is saver to sale the passengers body parts on the black market.
Why did Indonesia close it's airspace to American aircrews in the first hours after the disappearance?
Fan#$%$-tastic! we can see the volcanos, mountain ridges and sea floor 2000' below but can't scan the ocean for a missing plane for two months and 9 countries utilizing their assets. I wonder if australia finally stopped searching since they said they wouldn't rest until they found it.
I still think that IF it is in the water, they are looking in the wrong ocean. My guess it's hidden on an airbase somewhere far north of where they are searching. It will probably show up in another terror attack.
It would be cheaper and easier for terrorists to buy their own Boeing than to hijack one and stage it's disappearance.
When we finally hear the cockpit voice recorder it's gonna say "Allaaaaaaaaaahu Akbar!"
This is like a Twilight Zone episode.
From my memory in various episodes..That plane found its way into another dimension of time.
More like Stephen King's 'The Langoliers" from Four Past Midnight.
I knew it. This was all a conspiracy by a rogue group oceanographers to get money to study the ocean floor.
Can't they just track planes by satellite? Taxis in Dubai, UAE have that technology.
My I phone comes with a compass! just saying, when all things fail, and one is disoriented, old school still works.
Breaking News, just in CNN reported hearing a ping!
The planes passengers are now in a place where a strange scientific community does research in teleportation and other things, and man punches in 4,8,15,16,23,42 every 108 minutes, all the while being chased by a supernatural smoke monster.
Dude, did you smoke all of that (s)hit?
THATS SOME KILLER BUD YOUR SMOKIN TO COME UP WITH THAT THEORY....OR YOU WATCH WAY TOO MANY OLD THRILLER MOVIES.
I think some people, for some reason, wanted to explore the southern Indian Ocean, and MH370 gave them the perfect excuse and a fantastic financing...
Perhaps the jet did not crash and was spirited away to an unknown location by the hijackers.
There is no proof that did not happen.
The TEA Party's science advisor postulates that MH370 flew too near to the edge of the world and fell off.
If the fire theory is correct then it's possible that the autopilot landed the plane or kept it level and it sank intact. People would have been long dead from the smoke. That might explain the lack of debri trail.
the pilot of that aircraft knew what he was doing and PRACTICED short field landings in that area prior to the loss of that aircraft. By now and long since, that aircraft was taken over by the pilot and or some of the crew, the passengers were quickly disabled, all items of value were recovered from the dead and they were dumped on whatever island that plane went to. The plane has long since been retro fitted for use by the terrorist muslims who took it. any professional pilot who flies in that area of the world knows how many islands still have old WWII Japanese runways big enough to land a C-130 or larger aircraft, the japs had bombers that landed on some of those islands and the runways are still intact. MH 370 now has a new paint job and most likely has become a fuel depot to be exploded in a terrorist attack. The plane has been painted by now to match an American plane so it can be flown in anywhere and not shot down until way too late when the terrorists are already close enough to do damage. It can make Hawaii at the least, California at its best flying only explosive cargo, possibly DC from the east coast and the muslim in chief in DC will NOT give an order to shoot it down once its confirmed hostile because hes required by HIS MUSLIM FAITH to help the terrorists like hes been doing.
Wow...I hope that you are a novelist, because if not you missed your calling.
actually it can retrofitted like a KC tanker, use the fuel in its belly for distance and be loaded with explosives in passenger area.. it could make it alot further than the west coast.
You can land AND take off a C-130 from an aircraft carrier (USS Forrestal, 1963, USMC KC-130F), but it still takes 6000 feet to land a B-777-200 and 8500 to takeoff, #$%$. Please stop pretending that you know ANYTHING about aircraft.
That's pretty funny bob considering I AM a pilot who flies a jet and can land on a dg field in less distance than your empty head can expand with the hot air youve got in it.
gee, can all of you naysayers explain why it is that NO wreckage has ever been found from this flight??? why NO wreckage from a massive plane with hundreds of people with tons of buoyant material has ever been found in any ocean or body of water, why NO oil slicks have ever been found ANYWHERE in the ocean from a jet with thousands of pounds of fuel in it (yes, us REAL pilots do fuel by weight not gallons) and a whole lot of oil and hydraulic fluid, and why NO wreckage has been found on land ANYWHERE in the world since this plane disappeared????? Gee, lets give you a hint.....
It was out of fuel by the time it crashed.
and it was out of oil and hydraulic fluid too, right???? It all just vanished without a trace...nincompoop, theres always residual fuel in a huge jet, it doesn't go to "E" and theres not a drop left like in your lawnmower. Get a job...
You're the one that is saying that there was thousands of pounds of fuel on board a jet that flew until it was out of fuel. Playing with a flight simulator in your parents basement does not make you an actual pilot, you know.
#1: A typical jet holds less than 100 gallons of hydraulic oil. That is a very small slick in respect to the size of the search area. #2: Skydrol HD4, and Skydrol 5 are heavier than water, and therefore will not create a slick on top of the water. The oil will sink to the bottom of the sea.
you cant argue with stupidity, I cant wait to see where the plane shows up--and youll eat your words
I wonder if the man that lied to his wife that said he would be on that plane for a business trip is still stuck in his girlfriends apartment?
They've taken their eyes off the ball, if they were ever on it. But they are Australians, and you shouldn't expect too much.
They will not find this plane in the water as far as what and where they think happened. This plane went past 6000 feet to lose cellphone communication and eject passengers over the ocean. I am gonna venture to guess this plane is in a hanger or hidden on land and will possibly be used to transport something big and possibly dangerous. And since it is a passenger plane it will have at least a short window of anonymity when it is flying in someone's airspace. Long enough to penetrate into location and drop whatever.
There are no cell towers in the Middle of the Indian Ocean. The bodies would float eventually and be found by searchers or wash up on shore. As a conspiracy theory, yours is a little weak.
No floating debris? Because it landed on land. It turned, flew under the radar and landed. I know they considered it, but never checked islands or places they could have reached before they ran our of fuel. Maybe someone should start checking .
They will never find it. Because aliens.
Went through a tear in the spacetime fabric. The plane will return in the year 2032 with a full tank of gas, and none of the occupants having aged.
GD, 18 years is plenty of time for you to find new and exciting ways to kick the bucket.
Or went to AGHARTHA... google it ull be surprised
@Poil13, are you really dense enough to believe that the planet is hollow?
AND they will be returning from a future in whose past "0" had NEVER been elected to the Presidency a 2nd term but where, instead, ROMNEY had won -- and so they're coming back with a mission: |to set things right"! OR, ALTERNATIVELY, maybe they were all "disappeared" from out current time BECAUSE they had ALREADY been sent back here "to set things right", but somebody didn't quite want that to be able to happen? Can't help but also wonder if there was a "John Connor" onboard... ;-)
So show us these underwater discoveries already. Gezz what a waste of time telling us what we already know.
I think the government still has the plan already!
190 odd governments in the world, which one?
Any plane doing 500mph or so on impact would not just sink in one piece. It would be smashed into thousands of pieces,, many of which are made from material that will float forever! The Japanese tsunami junk is still floating up on beaches in Alaska etc,,,, WHY has not one item been found on the beaches in this case in that area of the world. WHY? Because the plane NEVER CRASHED!
Or more likely since no one knew where it crashed and therefore where to look. Why make this more mysterious than it is? Planes go down all the time.
All it takes is one beachcomber to find a piece of this plane and THAT has not happened.
If the plane crashed far enough out into the ocean it would take a very long time for some piece of it to wash up on shore, and that could end up being thousands of miles from the original point of impact. By the time anyone found such a fragment how would they even know what it was? How could you say for certain that some random piece of plastic or a Styrofoam cup or a little piece of metal definitely came from that aircraft? There's enough random junk floating in the ocean as it is.
The plane was shot down on dry land in China would make the most sense Look in the water byall means .If i were a Chinese officia Or they did a up clean up of all the parts and debris ? .
Good for you, Australia. You are advancing knowledge of the least explored part or the earth, and hopefully you'll find that plane. Thanks.
Chances are very good the the US Navy already had very detailed charts of the ocean floor in this area but would not release them or admit the true detail of their capabilities to assist in the search in order to preserve their technological advantage.
Don't want to sound like a conspiracy theorist, but it sure sounds like they are very happy to have this data. Also, kinda of convenient it happens at a time when the United States and Australia make a pack against Asia. They otherwise wouldn't have been allowed to do what they did.
You sound like the nuttiest sort of conspiracy theorist, I'm afraid. You think that the US and Australia conspired to destroy MH 370 so they could learn about the topography of the Indian Ocean floor?
Why would the US and Australia need anyone's permission to map the seafloor in international waters?
I kinda think we will be seeing this plane again & when it's identified it will be in pieces. Just not at the bottom of the ocean.
Gotta be one of the most misleading stories I've ever seen Yahoo produce. Volcanoes? You gotta be kidding me.
Seriously? You've never heard of a submarine volcano? Are you stupid?
Why not volcanoes? That's an area where two major tectonic plates come together.
How much money has already been spent on this search and when will it end?
Great article, write about high res underwater maps and not show one of them. Solid reporting Yahoo.
Look in the other direction, north into Pakistan! The airframe is an al-Qaeda wet dream. The better part of one million pounds of big iron bird laden with explosives can strike anywhere on the planet. The lack of tracking data demonstrates how dependent the air traffic system is upon secondary radar coverage, encoding transponders. The plane can go undetected, in the air, until too late. Two mudslime pilots, at night, turn off the two transponders rendering the airplane electronically invisible. Turn off the cabin pressurization, rendering the passengers unconscious, then dead due to hypoxia, while the flight crew breathes supplemental oxygen. Go to a remote airport held by jihadists, biding your time to strike when the civilized world is not expecting it. A James Bond scenario? Truth can be stranger than fiction!
12 Gates of Hell - were found (Perry Stone DVD) They are evenly spaced apart around the world.
I'm afraid the next time we see this plane it will be as a weapon delivery system.
that is #$%$ , we know that they were shoot down over the ocean then the Malaysian gov. took 10 days to report that they picked up the flight on radar while evidence sank to the bottom never to be found , unlike the 2nd Malaysian flight shoot down and wreckage was found for 17 miles across land can't cover that one up , but the 1st Malaysian , no see wreckage no evidence no sweat .
Still wasting money looking for dead people? Why not spend it on stopping Ebola or feeding some starving people? Spend millions on the dead and let the living suffer...doesn't make any sense to me.
The plane disappeared, and continues to be missing, due to global warming.
Why dont they ever mention what kind of cargo the plane was carrying. This is a routine flight and may have been carrying something very valuable like gold. A group of well informed crooks would only have to corrupt one pilot to have the perfect crime. Take the plane up to 40,000ft asphyxiate all of the passengers and fly the plane undetected for up to 8 hours to a destination of your choice.
This is no longer a search for a plane, this is justification to map and find other things. The scientific community is using this has a front for exploration of the ocean and possibly government installation of ocean survelliance equipment. That plane is in too many pieces to find, the bodies have long since been nutrition for sea life and all that is left is ulterior motives for this massive game of hide and seek.
The F'N Thing is in Syria, Pakistan or Iran! It will become a Missile of destruction!
Again the idiots and conspiracy theorists (same thing) are out in force. Put another layer in your tinfoil hat, some of the brain-altering radiation put out by the secret Illuminati reality warp field generator hidden under the head of Abraham Lincoln's statue in the Lincoln Memorial is still getting in.
I still say this plane flew low, under any radar detection, (probably not much radar in this area anyway) and then landed at a remote airstrip where the passengers were unloaded and sold as human slaves. Yes! We are being told that they crashed to keep us satisfied because getting all of these people back would be impossible.
You're an idiot LOL. I hope you haven't bred...
Actually, there is a LOT of radar in the area, which is why they know so much about the planes path and what it was doing.
in my opinion this was planned well in advance by professionals who has extensive knowledge of aeronatics and computers and math. i believe that the object was certain valuable cargo . and in my opinion they succeded in their quest for that cargo.
They'll find MH370 when Islamic terrorists are flying it into the side of a building.
The plane will be landing at it's destination China in the future like if nothing ever happened and it's passengers will have no recollection of all this time that has passed.
if Australia is going to do all it can to find the plane, then why aren't they searching where it actually went. Vietnam? It's been there this whole time.
i guess my question is , that my now you would think something would have washed ashore, just some kind of debris. It kind of makes you think this airliner is on the ground somewhere...
The Russians will pay for this travesty.
Wrong crash Mikey! This one was shot down by the Chinese.
I think the fate of MH370 is that of Global Flight 33, that was lost without a trace from London to La Guardia. Radar noticed a sudden surge in speed as it was approaching La Guardia ILS, but then it suddenly disappeared.
Did anyone check the hangers at Diego Garcia yet?
Well, keep looking they just found the 'Magic' bullet at Parkland Hospital that went through JFK, Governor Connelly after making 3 left turns a right turn and a u-turn AND its in pristine condition...
Interesting what lies beneath the water, but then look at Mars, this is no more than Earth in a few thousand or so years into our future.
agreed...since that was our "homeland" our father.."who art in heaven"....stuff like that. ok, down thumbers, chime in. maybe i can adorn the above point with my thoughts of noah-let me bate...ghow do you get all the animals in the world on an ark? no way possible, correct?...Tif one extracted dna from the animal kingdom, i dare say that that, in fact could be probable. develop from there,folks.
Come on, this plane never crashed, it was taken by some group and landed somewhere remotely.
To do what with? Start an airline?
Its called strapping a dirty bomb inside it and flying in the heart of a major city
In the early days of the search there was mention of the remote possibility this plane didn't crashed but was landed at some remote airstrip. Has there been anymore about that ?
Yes, it was a conspiracy theory.
So basically what you're saying is there is so much water covering the earth that NO ONE should ever want for water. One word: Desalination!
Eggmcmuffdive, it takes a lot of power to convert seawater to fresh water.
A remote part of the ocean--yes. But to think the aircraft hit the water at anything but a high rate of speed and at angles not found in controlled landings, is a bit hard to accept. After all this time, and not one reported piece of confirmed debris puts more emphasis on the idea that the aircraft isn't in the water---its on dry land somewhere.
Its on the bottom of the ocean somewhere.
The area in which the plane is thought to have gone down is remote and largely unexplored, "The recently acquired high-resolution bathymetry (underwater survey) data has revealed many of these seabed features for the first time," A lot of new data . I wonder who would like to have this data and if they would be willing to pay for it by supporting the serch ?
evidently no one, as it was not mapped before. but hey, the moon is better mapped than our own seafloor.
australia is paying for it because australians are good people
there are two things that bring all peoples together. a civilian tragedy and an alien invasion.
How odd the plane might have gone down in an area virtually unknown/ explored. Strange that many were Chinese. Make you wonder if the plane is elsewhere and landed safely. The individuals, Chinese, were a target for disposing of due to a plot by the China government. Things just do not add up as a terrorist attack, but as a larger plan.
It is hard to map the ocean floor. Not an easy task, you can't see much through the water column from space, you get sonar or radar, but they are bland looking when they have to go through 5 miles of ocean water that is dense. It is not air that hardly seems there, it is dense water. Try this at home. Find a fish tank,Now look through it without water in it and then look through it with water in it, and imagine trying to look through 100's of feet of it, the water gets denser as you add, salt, fish and millions of creatures and all the floating and sinking dying bits of them and you get the picture that it is not just as easy as looking through thin air. 90% of the ocean is unknown. We only go through bits of it, we know the coastlines well as those are "safe" but the deeps, we hardly ever travel over. This is fly over country, but not the flat land of the land bits of the world, but hugely strange and full of things we hardly will ever see as it is literally so vast.
Next oil rig sites? Maybe BP can screw up the Indian ocean just like the gulf.
it could also be sitting on a tarmac somewhere waiting for the search to cool off and be used as a weapon. unfortunately the passengers are long gone? or are they being fed and cared for to use in the weapon of terror? . at those depths the fuselage would have imploded and debris would have surfaced. it is not in the ocean,but Australians will continue to search for as long as they are kept in the dark.
Prove to me the aircraft turned left toward the Indian Ocean when it was headed directly for Andaman Island. It was without a doubt on Indian radar. Why did India lie? Also, the aircraft was flying waypoints by computer, most likely using BUAP. What waypoint was the aircraft flying toward in the Indian Ocean? None.
Waste of time and resources, MH 370 isn't there. The is a better than 50% chance it sits on the ground somewhere waiting to be used as a human missile. A large aircraft doesn't just disappear without leaving anything that floats.
It probably left a lot of stuff floating, unfortunately the Indian Ocean is 3 or 4 times bigger than the U.S. and finding a crashed plane underwater or it's surface debris in an area that big is incredibly hard . . .
There is a better than 50% chance you have no idea what you are talking about. Your last sentence doomed you. This didn't happen in a backyard swimming pool or the Hudson River you know. Just for fun I googled "list of unrecovered flight recorders." Here are some references 1979 Varig Boeing 707 "in the pacific ocean, around 200 km from Tokyo" 1987 Korean Air Boeing 707 Andamen Sea 1988 Iranian Air Airbus 300 Persian Gulf 2001 Siberia Airline TU 154 - Black Sea Notice they were all over water. The plane probably broke into dozens or more pieces. Even if pieces floated for weeks there was no guarantee anyone would see them. And ships go missing without a trace quite frequently. Especially three thousand miles from anywhere anyone lives.
You can believe what you want. Israelis, the experts on global security, the people who man US airports and other critical locations believe so.
As do many airline people, Dahlia.
Here in the USA airlines are not providing their own security, TSA does. Same is true for most of EU. Not sure about the rest. Security in the largest US airports such as Chicago is ran by Israeli experts. As this scenario looks like fantasy, Israelis being always a target, believe it's plausible. BY the way, the first time the World knew about Air Marshalls was in 1974 when an El AL aircraft was attacked on the ground in Munich by terrorists. Surprise!! Ben Gurion airport in Israel has no body scanners and El Al aircraft has not been hijacked since 1969. Before all the brainiacs get bent out of shape about the 1976 Entebbe Israeli amazing rescue of passengers, it was an Air France flight.
MH370: How Fatal is the Chip That Rothschild Reportedly Acquired? /\ By Athena Yenko | April 14, 2014 2:09 PM EST /\ "...On March 25, IntellihubNews reported that with the MH370 now missing or 'took down,' Lord Jacob Rothschild acquired a patent for a potent chip created by 20 employees of Freescale Semiconductor Ltd. aboard MH370. /\ On March 24, Freescale Semiconductor Ltd. confirmed that it has 20 employees among the 239 passengers aboard the MH370 - 12 from Malaysia and 8 from China. /\ "Out of respect for the families' privacy during this difficult time, we will not be releasing the names of the employees who were on board the flight at this time," Freescale spokeswoman Jacey Zuniga said. /\ "These were people with a lot of experience and technical background and they were very important people. It's definitely a loss for the company," Mitch Haws, said Freescale's vice president. /\ How destructible could this chip be? /\ In a detailed report from Malaysia Chronicle dated April 8, it said that Freescale launched what could be the world's smallest microcontroller in Feb 2013 called the Kinesis KL02. /\ KL02 measures 1.9 mm by 2mm and contains RAM, ROM and a clock. Even with its minute size, KL02 might be the most potent next-generation war weaponry. /\ Whether remotely controlled or automatically programmed, KLO2 can be utilised to employ drones smaller than flies. Such small-sized drones were allegedly being used to deliver lab-cloned viruses or toxic drugs instrumental for spreading plague, virus and disease; track spy satellites or large scale and hidden weaponries. $$$ KL02 could also be injected to devices like Google glass to render the device obsolete or have the device controlled from 'someone' aside from its owner. /\ The chip is also significant in making plausible Pentagon's ultimate dream of human-controlled robotic warrior. It can be injected to bionic prosthetics to control robotic nerves and limbs. /\ 'Killing' the creators of this chip will prevent any leakage or selling of the technology to the Chinese and outside the Malaysian government. /\ It is widely known that China is in its way of advancing its military-applications technology for warfare. /\ The Malaysian government, on the other hand, is rumoured to have acquired rights to a powerful chip which can alter barcode tags in retail goods and can be inserted into human body to by-pass identity verifications. /\ Rothschild family reportedly owns the Malaysian Central Bank which has significant investments in Malaysian government and Malaysian Airlines."
interesting stuff h2h. will take a look see. thanks.
It can make people into zombies, it can fly airplanes, it can jump tall buildings in a single bound........... There's just nothing this chip can't do!!!!!!!!
They said the same thing about the x286. You're paranoid.
LOL, because of a microcontroller? Good grief. Meds time!
In searching for the plane they've found everything BUT the plane.
it is the australian government , why do you think they would lie?
Of course, volcanos and mountain ridges are bigger - so there's that.
MH370 probably landed in some air strip in Indonesia, Pakistan or some other Muslim rat hole. Too many unexplainable events surrounding its disappearance.
It wasn't carrying enough fuel to reach one of those locations based on its final reported position.
This plane isn't in the ocean and it didn't crash. There's too much LACK of crash evidence. There IS no crash evidence to be found from this plane, and jetliners DO create a LOT of flotsam and a huge debris field when they crash in the ocean or on land. It was taken in flight, cloaked somehow and is likely in a hangar somewhere being repurposed as a WMD to use against the US or Israel.
Agreed. The lack of a crash site, an oil slick, flotsam and a huge debris field adequately proves that this plane did not go down in the ocean OR on land. It was taken and we'll definitely be seeing it again. But this time? It'll be a WMD.
It's called 'debris'... flotsam is from a ship. And whatever about you MAY be 'magnificent', it's damn sure not your intelligence.
Whatever, Bob. It makes NO difference whatsoever. You just get off by nitpicking others which makes you feel good about yourself. Pathetic...
I could tell you where the plane is but then it wouldn't be a mystery.
No I'm sorry ma'am we still haven't located your Children, But hey look at this cool shell we found!
The one thing we can be sure of, is it wasn't terrorism. If it had been, passports of the terrorists would have been found floating in the ocean within hours. As we learned from 9/11, the passports of terrorists always rise to the top and are easily found. They're sort of like the opposite of Where's Waldo.
According to my theory, the two Malaysian planes were blown up Islamic suicide bombers, and the govt., particularly the Obama administration, is covering it up. Now I wasn't there, so this is hard to prove. But circumstantially it makes sense. After all this time, is it really plausible they haven't found any debris from HM 370? The fact that no one has, is consistent with a govt cover up as thought he govt, by order of the Obama administration, cleaned up the debris and hid that information from the public. There are logical and strategical reasons for why they would want to do this. The first is to entice the terrorist group responsible to claim responsibility. The second is because they don't want people to panic and avoid airline travel altogether. The third may even be to prevent anti-Islamic sentiment, which the Obama administration is very keen on. It is also consistent with the fact that terrorists now have access to new non-metallic bombs that can bypass airport security. This is what the shoe bomber and underwear bombers used, although they were unsuccessful. Hence, it would seem they have improved their technology a tad, and they got it right so to speak these last couple of times. Lastly, two airplanes, (both Malaysian flights), is usually indicative of terrorist activity. Its interesting to remember that Islamist activity is very prevalent in Malaysia, the kind that people call radical Islam, although I think it's all just Islam and calling it radical is just a misnomer or lie which relies on the ignorance of the American public in order to sell that lie. Muhammad himself beheaded over 500 people in one day.
Couple problem the your tin-foil hat theory. One, if airplane blows up at 30,000 foot over the ocean, no one government or multiple one, could possibly find all the debris. Two, the second plane was shot down by missile.
Let's not forget that obama did change his name upon his conversion to islam and he really does not want islam to get too bad of a reputation. After all he is delaying the trial of the islamic Fort Hood shooter (they officially call it work place violence)and traded five high ranking taliban leaders for one islamic supporting traitor.
I'm hoping since we r using equipment we have never ever used for searching the sea bed and of course as fate would have it the plane probably crashed in some of the deepest parts of the ocean...that this new tech plus all the time they have had to do the analysis this and listen to the satellite bleeps that, and the super short disconnected phone call that they have now mapped where they need to at least start the search....but it's still going to be 20% luck and 80% God...and I hope fir the families it is over quick as they have already suffered at the hands of the Malaysia government telling not to do TV and Radio interviews or else I really pray for their sake it's quick...and if they don't find it down there then I guess there's always ET or maybe some of the conspiracy theories left to explore. ..I also hope it's fast as the cost of the search I'm sure us financially leaving a big mark....and a bruise, and a knot...
is that 20/80 thingy in a contract somewhere? what if god don't follow thru on his/her part of the contract?
the title misleads familyies of the victims THANKS YAHOO for getting the hopes of many people on your shoulders and then brushing them away like lint. it could have read"search for missing plane continues underwater search to continue next month" then the next story. geographical formations found while searching for missing plane.
This is what used to be called a 'fluff piece.' There's no real substance - towering underwater mountains? I LIVED on the top of one in Hawaii for years. It's only the MH370 tagline that got this thing any 'ink' at all. It's like reporting "Lauren Bacall Still Dead!"
It is NOT UNDERWATER! It is on land, somewhere.
You are correct in that there is land under the water, and it is somewhere on that land.
I have a feeling the plane has been found, but its good to keep increasing the bill and keep looking.
Here we go again, more so-called discoveries of MH370 somewhere in the vast abyss of the Indian Ocean. Same-o, same-o, don't you get tired rehashing this BS? Also, pigs can fly, not sure if they boarded MH370 though.
Bet they washed and waxed the plane before this BS photo was made. If this "hijacked, whatever airliner" would have hit the ocean as the BS photo wants you to believe it would not look like it just made a beautiful 3 point landing a JFK airport. There would be broken wings, engine mounts, etc. Why can't the media stop doing "yellow journalism, tabloid" stories??
What picture are you talking about?
Well, at least something good has come of this crash. And yes conspiracy theorists, it was a crash. No aliens are needed.
There is no evidence of a crash yet!
In fact this was kill two birds with one sinegle shot. One is the microchip pattent and the next to frame the russians. Is easy to just put another number in the plain. They did that long time ago with Titanic, and its sister ship.
As much as I am an advocate for life in many forms, perhaps this was the powers that be saying that we could do with a few less Chinese. They are over 25% of the world's population and perhaps needing a little thinning out.
And what's your prognosis for India? According to the Rand Corp. "India's population is currently smaller than China's, but its current rate of population growth (1.55 percent annually) is more than double China's (0.66 percent). In 2025, India's total population is projected to equal China's (about 1.4 billion in each country) and to surpass China's thereafter, making India the world's most populous nation. India's population is expected to continue increasing through at least 2050, whereas China's is expected to peak at about 1.4 billion in 2026 and to decline thereafter."
That plane is in a hanger somewhere being outfitted as a weapon. With the intense ocean search no debris was ever found not even one single seat cushion which are made to float???
With all the sattelites, tracking devices and all the technology existing today and the plane is lost? It looks like it was never lost...dirty politics.My theory is maybe MH370 is MH17? MH370 hijacked to be shot to down over Ukraine to anger the whole world against Russia? Maybe someone will ask why did they have to hijack MH370 to be used in Europe, why couldnt they just shoot down the real MH17 ... well maybe because the real MH17 would be full of Dutch who are NATO's allies , while MH370 were mainly chinese who are Russia's allies. The real MH17 never flew out of Amsterdam on that day, all the passports they found at crash sight in Ukraine were looking terribly new and unscathed. They were fake, fake Dutch identities. OSCE reported that there are bodies at the crash which are partially decomposed, human flesh does not decompose within 24 hours but only after 3-4 days. All the lamenting people in Holland could have been agents. I dont think I ve said anything that can't be pulled out.
On top of that only days after the crash, when the investigation was still barely in its initial stages, there were some people saying they have proof it was Russia. Remember those magazines and newspapers saying "Putin's rocket" ... well how come after two months already we still dont have them? They knew they wont need proof , because in moment of rage whatever name you throw at people that's what they are going to be associating it with and that's all they needed, that was the plan - you achieve something without a proof, because most of people give priority to emotions first rather than logic.
I see the whack jobs are out this morning. Let's continue this conspiracy theory. I bet all the passengers are still living on peanuts provided by the airline, in a remote location somewhere in Asia. The CIA is involved because they are always involved. Do you see my logic people?
Steven, take your lithium, and go back to bed
Steven. You are a deranged individual. Do you really believe this stuff? Please don't run for office, because you scare me.
Steven, I'm not a sheeple. That would require a cross between a sheep and a person. Only the CIA has that technology. You should know
James you take the same predictable role for people of your line of thought in this debate which is to insult and demean the person putting forth the conspiracy theory as idiotic and insane. But everytime with you sheeple when the dust settles one thing is still curiously missing, a real counter argument.
The other week I went to an air show. I checked out the Boeing flight simulator. The guy in charge showed me how to turn off the transponder. After all the queuing and checks at airports of the years, even having my nail scissors confiscated, Boeing now shows me Joe Public how to turn off their transponder! If you read it in a novel you wouldn't believe it.
There are more than a single transponder on those planes.
SMDrPepper, Many thanks. That's reassuring. But then for me the mystery deepens. I just looked on malaysiantv radar on youtube and it shows mh370 and all other planes flying at normal speed when an unidentified supersonic plane suddenly flies in to picture going from left to right and then suddenly slows down to normal speed and then blinks out . . . almost immediately this is followed by mh370 blinking out. It all seems very odd. What's going on?
Wow. Why does this story bring out the crazies? Yes, it is entirely possible for an experienced pilot to ditch a large aircraft without it breaking up in area that isn't monitored by satellites or radar and not leave a trace. No, it wasn't taken by aliens, landed on an island for later use by terrorists, hijacked by a foreign government to capture the chip engineers and hidden, and personally, I don't blame the Keebler elves.
Sarge, the tin hats come out every time this incident is mentioned.
. . . You're sure of that, Sarge?
What plane can hit the water at that speed and not break apart? No commercial airliner has every done that except for the plane landing in the river in NY and his airspeed was waaaayyyy slower than M370.
Keebler elves stole the black boxes before it took off now they are hiding them somewhere, but they don't know where the plane is
Conspiracists are freaks. They are so sure of their crackpot theories, because to them, the lack of evidence is all the evidence they need. How awful life must be for them, tortured by tin-foil-hattery around every turn. Everything has a far more complex, sinister explanation.
Cool jay what was the speed upon impact? And how do you know again? Moron.
HaHa we know because we have video and the whole crew and Pax. also he was gliding do to 2 engine failures, on Take-off.
Sarge, I was right with you until you took the Keebler Elves side of things. I am telling you, those #$%$ can't be trusted. One night they stole my Nikes and put gold buckles on them. Gold Buckles! When I got the Nikes back and complained, those Evil S.O.B.s killed and ate my cat, only leaving it's tail nailed to my bedroom door as payment for my gratitude. Do not put anything past the Keebler Devils.
Honestly, who cares? Its gone and throwing away millions of dollars to keep the search going is beyond stupid
Extinct volcano's and ridges huh. Might find huge deposits of diamonds, gold and other valuable minerals there.
The ISIL captured MH370 and landed somewhere in Iran. This huge airplane will be used as an atomic missile against the State of Israel in a very near future.
Putting a nuclear warhead on a 777 and trying to fly it into Israel? Why? You have a high likelihood that the 777 gets shut down by the Israeli Air Force before it reaches it's destination.
Maybe they will find 0bamas birth certificate.
This plane most likely didn't crash. In our politically correct Obama era, we can't talk about the possibilty the pilot flew it some landing strip waiting to use it again for terror. The pilot was a die hard Muslim. Now we don't know for sure, but we do know the liberal media does't even like to talk about Islam being evil. George Bush called Islam a religion of peace, we all know it is a religion from the pits of hell.
Islam is the voice of Satan.
Oh please, that plane is at the bottom of the ocean and that's all there is to it.
Aubrey, You just did, but all I hear is crickets.
You "can't talk about the possibility the pilot flew it some landing strip waiting to use it again for terror", because that's an idiotic notion with absolutely NO proof to back it up.
This is just my opinion, take it with a grain of salt. Until some part of this airplane is found washed ashore, I will never believe it crashed in the ocean. It could be anywhere that its fuel would allow it to reach but my bet is that it is not in the ocean.
I too have wondered about that possibility.
Ask the U.S. government where the plane is.
MH370 will be found during the next Jewish Holydays. My respects to the dead and families. I had two visions on the matter. One was that the plane was under about 50 meters of water of an island with a volcano most probably McDonald Island. As I saw it in the vision the plane was hit or had an explosion. Has a hole in the top center. Second vision was that saw about 6 survivors. A lean-to. What looks like a planted square garden. Bodies wrapped with a brown khaki color blankets and about 5 persons walking at the beach waist high maybe trying to retrieve more bodies or articles. I did not sense population, buildings boats etc.. Those with Satellite Image access please take a look. My Google Map is about 3 years old. Water was not clear like filled with algae, so it will be hard to see. Hope the dreams were true.
Like yourself, I take the chance of ridicule from Grilled Cheese and others, however I have held this information I have been given for so long it's time to share. I believe I experienced what is called Retrocognition (ability to see in the distant past). I have had other experiences, but this was totally different. Mid-April after the March 8th disappearance of MH370 I had a wide awake vision. I was actually standing at the back of the plane looking down the isle. There was a lot of commotion going on. It appeared they were fighting with someone they had down, and passengers kept getting in and out of their seats to join. Then all the people were gone and I was just looking down an empty isle. Then it just faded. A few minutes later, a foot away from me in mid-air a bunch of red berries like Christmas berries floated right to left, then went down at an angle and disappeared. My instinct made me focus on the word "Berry" So I Googled Berry Island. What are the chances I would find a Berry Island and a Berry Bay off the SE coast of So. Australia near Sidney.. This was opposite of where they had been searching. There again my instincts kick in and I see the plane directly south from Berry Bay in the Indian ocean. Who knows why I was given this information but maybe they should just take a look. Thanks to all who understand, and to those who think I'm crazy thats OK. from Universal Speculation
Isn't it strange that this plane vanishes with all these execs on board with this computer chip about to be released? The plane disappears without a trace, and Australia is still searching, and finding more new ocean topographics but no trace of wreckage, not even a seat cushion. My educated guess is that ISIS hijacked this plane, landed it in Afghanistan or Pakistan, and is hiding it until it's convenient to unleash it as a major bomb.And now we are hearing about plans to use liquid explosives and toothpaste tubes on airliners to Europe and the US. Coincidence? I don't think so. I just don't think our administration is expecting this plane to suddenly appear in the sky over DC one morning, heading for the White House! But ISIS would, and most likely could, pull it off! If they can incite American men to start beheading innocent women who lost their home to a tornado, there is no evil they will not descend to.
why do you rate your guess as "educated"??
I think this one has been debunked.
There are all kinds of cargo planes in service that are the same size or bigger than this plane. Why hijack a hi-profile jet full of passengers, not take credit for it, then have the whole world looking for it when all you need to do is grab a cargo plane and deal with a couple of crew members?
My guess is that there is nothing "educated" about your guess.
Could be possible. The pilot could have joined ISIS, you never really know.
its true that isis has stolen 11 planes. why not this one? maybe they just don't brag about hijackings?
that would be disastrous. But on the other hand it would be coolsee a couple of military jets Take it out of the sky!! If it has ISIS personel on board. ,
The TEA Party science advisor postulates that MH370 fly too near to the edge of the world and fell off.
What's really funny is your ignorance of who and what the Tea Party is. Educate yourself dummy.
Would that be the same Tea Party science advisor who told Bill O'Reilly you can't explain the tides?
"Remnants of volcanoes, towering ridges and deep trenches have been discovered on the seabed of the southern Indian Ocean by experts mapping the underwater terrain as part of the search for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370." Is this really a search for MH370 or have oceanographers found another way to finance their explorations?
The plane went the northern route and crashed in the Himalayas. Look there instead.
The search did not find any wreckage nor will it ever find any wreckage because the airplane, it's crew, and its passengers were taken by beings in a spacecraft from another world.
Why we starting with this nonsense again? Third world pig of Allah countries can't doShit. Besides, we all know Malaysia knows exactly what happened to that plane and where it is now.
My felling is that it was hijacked, and will be used as the planes were in 911, GOD help us that I am wrong. We pray for the innocent people that was on board.
MH370 is still parked in a hanger on the air base on Diego Garcia.
Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 is now a Pakistani Cruise Missile!
The plane had, mostly, Chinese citizens aboard. Why is the FREE WORLD footing the bill to find the crash? #$%$! Oh, only Capitalism has produced the technology and the means to do this.
Because China does not care- This loss is nothing compared to the Billions of people that live within their borders.
because the australians are footing the bill as they believe in a humanaterian world and no not only capitalism , the soviets got to space first beat the western capitalists
china does care very much they sent more aircraft and more ships than the usa
Maybe because they were HUMAN BEINGS! Christ, not everything is political. People died and their families need closure. In addition, locating it might be helpful in determining what happened so that one day perhaps one of your loved ones won't be on a plane under the same circumstances.
It didn't crash! It is sitting somewhere being prepped for another attack somewhere.
Fantasy. Maybe they were whisked away to a better land by flying unicorns.
MH370 can teach us a lesson, how an ignorant Muslim Country (Malaysia) can make an ultimate quagmire and waste of the many modern resources it was offered to conduct the search. Islam - the cancer of modern society.
This the new Expectation, My Dog knew this Before this news was release. AHA, Theory suck. GOD BLESS AMERICA
So, you have a talking dog?
Yeah... the theory that god blesses america is really stupid. In fact, it sucks big time.
They're looking specifically for an Airplane. They're finding everything but an Airplane.
when looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack, you must first define the haystack.
They are mapping the ocean floor so they know what to expect when they put the submersabele down You didn't to well in reading comprehension
You mean "You didn't do to well in reading comprehension"? It appears you didn't do to well in English and grammar composition.
Nah Paris...you didn't do TOO well...too is correct spelling...jeez
Thanks for the insight. The point is, he didn't use to at all. At least I tried.
two, too, to, and 2 more.
I just got insulted by someone who misspelled their own name. Michael doesn't have two L's numnuts.
Why post some damn meaningless article about new findings at the bottom of the ocean when poor people have most likely lost their lives. Who cares what was discovered at the bottom of the Indian Ocean? I think its senseless and in-compassionate to post some irreverent findings when lots of families lost their loved ones in the most mysterious aviation incident known to man.
I vote for keeping the information coming. I find it interesting to learn how a search is planned, and more interesting to find what's below the ocean's surface. And to learn what science is now capable of finding.
The TEA Party's science advisor postulates that MH370 flew too near to the edge of the world and fell off.
I used to joke about a made for TV movie I saw decades ago where a jumbo jet accidentally slipped into space, until I accidentally convinced someone that that could actually happen. Poor, poor idiot...
Lol that would be your Democratic senators...
Either they went through a time wrap or a black hole. Take your pick. Now, should I even mention a Alien space ship, a BIG Alien space ship?
My vote is for the time wrap. Is that like cling wrap? Does it keep your contents fresh?
give it up already. The plane is sitting at Diego Garcia in some US hangar. The US government remotely took over this plane for whatever nefarious reason.
Come on Rick, Everyone knows it was the Martians.
Since the MH17 scandal, I have stopped believing these stuffs (MH370).
Try searching in Pakistan. I think it went there.
Yeah; nice article. But, this still cannot hide the fact that we are purposely looking in the wrong place. The plane was shot down, and the coverup will not last forever.
Absolute .. Witnessed by an oil rig worker.
if it was shot down, there would be debris and fuel leaving a wide swath... which didn't happen
I AGREE I THINK IT WAS SHOT DOWN CLEANED UP AND THEY SENT THE SEARCHERS IN THE WRONG DIRECTION SO THEY CLOULD FINISH THE CLEAN UP,,,ORRRRRR LIKE SOME SAY THE PLANE WAS HIJACKED AND LANDED SOMEWHERE AND WILL BE USED TO CARRY A HUGE NUKE,,YA I COULD BE WRONG, HOPE I AM,,BUT THEY SHOULD HAVE FOUND SOMETHING OF THAT PLANE FLOATING SOMEWHERE,,,,SOMEONE KNOWS WHERE AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT PLANE AND THE PEOPLE,,,ID BOUT BET THE PEOPLE ARE ALL DEAD,,BUT U NEVER KNOW,.ITS A CRUEL WORLD AND SOMEONE KNOWS,,.
Not if the search has been purposely focused on the wrong sites, GUESS... Which is what is happening. We want to avoid the same media circus to which we have subjected other nations, that is all...
Until proven wrong, I think I'll take the "worm-hole/alien abduction theory." The Devil's Triangle has far more mysteries that have not been explained than the Bermuda Triangle. This isn't the first and it won't be the last mysterious disappearance in that area.
We all know that "Our" mission was accomplished! And we certainly did one heck of a job "hiding" this plane and it's passengers. My question is why are the Australians seemingly so bent on finding it? They seem to be the only one's still seriously looking!
The plane is now in a hanger somewhere in ISIS territory, re-painted to resemble some other airline. ISIS now has a long range delivery system for weapons of mass destruction, and the POTUS has known this since day one.
I just heard in our recent Tea Party meeting that the government is covering up the evidence showing that this plane simply flew off the edge of the world just like ships do sometimes when they go too far. We plan to make this a major issue in the November election.
I heard that liberals just redistributed it to people who couldn't afford their own plane wreckage.
Are people so stupid to believe the media propaganda? It looks like it. First of all the spy satellites know were the plane is, second Lord Rothschild the worlds only trillionaire had much to gain due to the fact he is sole heir to the patent rights that he shared with others on that plane who are now presumed dead, he basically took over their company.
Trust me, the spy satellites have no idea where the plane is.
hooah airborne! Its in Diego Garcia
And you're mentally ill if you buy into that BS.
The same way you buy into how the satellite zoom down on the alleged Boston bombing attacker
The search for the missing plane is a cover-up for the real search of a UFO that went down.
This plane is not under water, it's been repainted and the passengers/crew have met an untimely fate...but not onboard the aircraft.
There is no news, rugged ridges, underwater volcanoes and trenches are just natural undersea features. No progress to report on the missing MH370 until now?
you search mountains a little differently than you search canyons. got to know the terrain before the search.
MH370 got blown up by a SCUD missile
This is an unmapped area. Now it's being mapped, even if they never find the plane, at least we are learning something about an unknown area of the planet
We ALL know it was aliens...
Actually the long term unemployed, like me.
Land Plane On A Remote Runway, Hide Runway, Paint Plane / UPS, DHL or Etc. Load Plane With Some Bad Stuff, Park Plane Into Seating At Superbowl
i hope you are right, this needs to be solved. humans just do better when they know things and solve stuff.
Everybody knows what happened to MH370, and it will remain covered up for at least 75-125years til any truth will be told.
The TEA Party's science advisor postulates that MH370 flew too near to the edge of the world and fell off.
Except that the tea pot advisor did note "well, I'm not a scientist..."
ROTFLMAO....Your post has got to be one of the best ones ever!
I just got here, has anyone blamed Obama, yet?
No one needs to since he gets blamed for everything anyway. It goes without saying.
He has enough mistakes to criticize already, and only 37% thinks he's doing a good job. Hope you enjoy the KoolAid flavor of the day.
What mistakes are you talking about "Bob" His Salute to the Marines the other? His Tan Suit, what did yo have in mind?
What has the fashion taste (or distaste) of our President to do with MH-370?
Hugh--take your time on this one .... Benghazi, IRS, NSA, Fast and Furious, NEVER looking at his Honor Guard when saluting, making silly statements that led to the "beer summit," Trevon Martin, al-qaeda is on the run, ISIL is the JV's, "If you like your health-care plan, you can keep it" ....... ya want I should go on?
Oic, you list several words that you 've many many times on Faux News and that is supposed to mean something, hmm interesting
All passengers and crew of that plane have suffered a sea change into something rich and strange.
#$%$ the plane was hijacked by order of Roshild, landed in Diego Garcia Island and then who knows if it was the same destroyed in Ucrania, this people are evil and now the 100% of the patent of the chip to put in people belong to Roschild.
MH370 is an Iranian hangar being loaded with Nuclear waste. With luck it will be crashed into a liberals home in NY.
New York City Mayor De Blasio's home?
And after 6 months of mapping the ocean floor no debris has been found floating. Really makes me think that 777 in on the ground somewhere.
it is on the ground, jeff. covered with a bunch of water.
Since the earths magnetic field has become so weak,it's likely the plane reached escape velocity and became "a sun diving comet"...lol
Diego Garcia was on a flight simulator at home for one of the pilots. A message with a dark picture was also sent by Philip Wood who was on the plane. Philip said he was being held hostage by unknown military personal (the iphone 5 spelled personal instead of personnel) after his flight was hijacked (blindfolded). He was able to hide his cellphone, was separated from the rest of the passengers in a cell, and thought he was drugged as well and could not think clearly.
Dennie what planet do you live on?!
Uranus, she has her head up her #$%$.
Of all the items on that airplane that float and there are literally millions of float-able items from scraps of paper and at minimum over 400 seat cushions something should have floated up by now. Even had the aircraft soft landed it would still as time goes by fall apart and flotsam come floating up. Nothing under those conditions can stay down submerged for ever. There should be flotsam identifiable as from this airliner out there. That doesn't mean it's on the ground somewhere, it does mean there is a lot of ocean out there.
So right, Apachetears. No way a huge plane could hit the water and NOTHING float to the surface -- not a magazine, or a paper cup or one single personal item. Physically impossible!!!
Some exciting news on the search for flight MH370. They've located something... Not the plane, but sand that up to this point has never been seen by human eyes. EXCITING.
Have authorities gotten their debris field distributed yet?
You'd think something identifiable as something from MH370 would have washed up on some beach somewhere by now. I still think there was a cover up by the people that shot it down
awful expensive cover-up. several million for a plane shoot down, several hundred million to map the seafloor.
no where would it wash up?
stuffs still washing up from japans earthquake from a few years back. give it time.
They should just abandoned the search. The passengers are dead and I don't think the relatives would want them to be brought up in whatever condition they are in. It will just be another Amelia Airheart like mystery but it's not a mystery because you know they're dead.
only thing they will bring up are the flight data recorders. the rest will remain in place as a graveyard. but having the coordinates to post into the family photo album will bring closure.
"The MH370 search area far off Western Australia includes the seabed on and around an extensive, mountainous ridge that once formed the margin between two geological plates." No, this ridge STILL forms the margin between two geological plates. Now the plates are no longer actively moving toward or away each other, so the volcanoes are no longer active and the ridge is no longer growing as new oceanic crust is emplaced. This is high school science, Yahoo!
Innocent taxpayers soaked for over 1 billion dollars looking for a bunch of dead bodies.
The mystery of MH370 was solved when they used it in the false flag shoot down over Ukraine a few months later. The mainstream media seems to be a little behind on what the rest of the world has already known for months.
Wild guess here, but maybe the plane is not at the bottom of the ocean after all? I mean, Hell, its been several months. When was the last time it took this long to locate a jumbo jet? Oops sorry, I forgot we're not support to speculate &/or use common sense
Usually they go down in places that are at least mapped.
Compare: most countries have trouble locating AIRCRAFT CARRIER BATTLE GROUPS with satellite imaging (if you think it's easy, then use Google Earth and find 4 or 5). The carriers themselves are much larger than a jumbo jet, the battlegroup itself able to extend for a hundred miles or more. Yes, jumbo jets are large. But the oceans are much larger -even when you narrow it down to "only" a few thousand miles of area.
To answer the original question: the last time it took this long to find a passenger plane that crash in the ocean was Air France 447 in 2009. Some bodies and floating debris were found a few days after the crash, but the wreck wasn't located until 2011.
"Speculation" is generally the opposite of "common sense."
These discoveries will be of great assistance for advancing underseas warfare too.
This in my opinion is unfortunately probably the only reason the search is continuing..,,
why would anyone send their assets into this region to fight an adversary? maybe your brain is getting old too.
@Olddan..... you are correct. Maybe not the only reason, but certainly explains why so much effort is given. @Reaps..... old people have a whole lot of knowledge young folk just haven't comprehended yet. Give 'em a break, will ya?
k, i will give em a break, bout the 5th vertebrae.
Reaps, I servered onboard nuclear powered submarine and underseas charts were of great assistance in the navigation.
Hey oldDan....since you served maybe you could answer a question I've had for a long time.....I remember hearing about our navy back in the 60's had planted microphones all over the ocean floors to track russian sub movements....seems like one of them would have picked up a airplane crashing?
ultra, it has been documented in a book, the title of which has escaped my memory. I am sure someone will provide you the title of the book. I have a copy but, it is on my book shelf in GA and I am in FL Beyond that, I will not confirm nor deny In the book, there is an incident where the US spliced in a listening box into the Russian undersea cable. To add insult to injury, the box had a tag indicating, "Property of the US Govt." LOL
My theory is this. The pilot turned off the oxygen to the passengers, they all died. Then what ever country bribed him to steal the airplane, that is where it is located in some remote hanger being reconfiguered with all kinds of explosives to be used as a weapon against their (who ever) enemy. Probably my beloved country, the U.S.A. Maybe ISIS!
Seriously, a mile long canyon, crevice, hole, you name it. If that sucker landed mostly intact and sunk, it could be anywhere within that kind of topography. Good luck indeed!
MH370 will be found during the next Jewish Holydays. My respects to the dead and families. I had two visions on the matter. One was that the plane was under about 50 meters of water of an island with a volcano most probably McDonald Island. As I saw it in the vision the plane was hit or had an explosion. Has a hole in the top center. Second vision was that saw about 6 survivors. A lean-to. What looks like a planted square garden. Bodies wrapped with a brown khaki color blankets and about 5 persons walking at the beach waist high maybe trying to retrieve more bodies or articles. I did not sense population, buildings boats etc.. Those with Satellite Image access please take a look. My Google Map is about 3 years old. Water was not clear like filled with algae, so it will be hard to see. Hope the dreams were true.
can you have a vision of my Ex-wife please, hopefully she disappears like this to :) ( LOL )
A vision is a waking dream and like all dreams has no bearing on reality. Pretty obviously something occurred that caused the aircraft to lose cabin pressure at altitude which suffocated the passengers and crew. The aircraft simply flew until it ran out of fuel then crash landed on the ocean. If conditions were good it may even have greased in and have sunk in virtually one piece. If seas were rough they will be looking for the engines since the rest of the aircraft will be in small pieces.
If I was you I would poke fun at me too. I just wander how many laughed at Noah when he told people that a Great Flood was coming. LOL.
Quite a lot for a 25 cent palm reading!
Govany, how many fingers am I holding up?
Qwickdraw, Spiritual law doesn't work on Lotto numbers, stocks etc. Visions come only when there is Dire need and Suffering. The worst Vision I had was about an Asteroid coming to Earth.
Govany, you can hire someone to help you split those pills in half.
Good to see the home allows computer use.
Govany, can we all have some of what you are smoking???
AieaBob, Malaysian, Australian authorities? I need an email also my info. is not empirical so they will not accept it.
Have a Happy Rosh Ashanah guys. 370 will be found on Yom Kippur or Sukot or Shemini Atzew (most pobable) or Channukah. Very soon.
i'll get on it right away!!
What a coincidence. I had a vision too. It's of a middle-aged guy wearing a tinfoil hat spouting nonsense about finding planes on jewish holidays.
govass....how could you have any visions with you head stuck up your keyster?
Was watching reruns of Gilligan's Island i think..
LSD is not a vitamin supplement.
Voice of Reason, Would I wear a tinfoil if I would have been the guy that found Binladen? And if you guys push me I might add who shot at it, who prevented 370 from returning etc etc that would really be fun..
And therein lies the rub. It's pointless to argue because whackadoo nut-jobs don't know how crazy the nonsense is that they're spouting.
Their obviously looking for offshore oil, not the plane.
Not that there's anything wrong with that...
Try checking in the underground bunkers of Israel, there you will find the plane and the creators of the technology that they stole,that was the main reason of this whole deception.
You never miss an opportunity to show your ignorance.
Sorry man-animals the truth is the truth.
just a question,real truth, is there an UN-real truth?
OMG Im mind blown! Thanks real truth
everybody knows the plane landed on the Diego Garcia (US Naval base leased from the British). Search it up people
Yes and they were met by Jerry Garcia.
No it was Elvis who greeted them, lmmfao. EV, you're dumber than a brick.
Jackson Stiles...Now why did you need to insult an innocent brick?
Jackson Stiles is a government shill . Fk off you #$%$ troll. By looking at your comments all you can say is "Your dumber than a brick" thats all you can say?
Dime Box- People should do some research and give opinions before trolling other peoples facts.
EV, I can't help that there are so many of you morons who post stupid comments hourly. If you read all my comments you would have seen many comments I made other than what I said to you.
A government shill? Thanks for the laugh!
Jackson you don't attack the argument only the person. If you are certain the theory is ridiculous use your words like a big boy and explain why. Otherwise stop the hypocrisy saying ppl are dumb as bricks when you made as many counter arguments as a brick would have, ironic isnt it.
The fight took a turn in that direction and there are many suspicious facts concerning tracking equip being turned off, seemingly extended flight time afterwords indicating hijacking to be a stronger possibility than crash. This doesn't prove it went to Diego Garcia only that it is ridiculous to dismiss this automatically just because the mere possibility challenges the way of looking at the world you have a psychological need to cling to. Now make a counter argument or just concede the debate and call me another idiot.
Or just thumbs down without making a real point still, I accept your surrender. No shame. you tried your best.
The pilot had stored his last directions of Diego Garcia on his flight sim. Its legitimate theory the closes base there is DG. You don't think the Navy have their radar system there to detect. You don think we have technology to zoom down on Jackson Stiles Mom's yeast infection during her 1000 men orgies? We have capability to track anyone by satellites. And yet people tend to believe it just happen to hijacked and crash with out the trace? You still believe on 911, officials can't find a black box from the crash but managed to find all the terrorist passports from the wreckage??
How much LSD did you take EV? You sound like you have a lot of experience with yeast infections. My Mom died 40 years ago. Diego this, moron!
Lol Jackson. What was the point of last post if not to prove my point. You have no thoughtful counter argument to make so instead you hurl insults. Your attempt was very weak on this one...what a shame.
Thanks for the laugh Jesse, you're dumber than a brick.
No, ty for continuing to prove me right. Lol getting owned in debate by someone dumber than a brick.
It only proves the weakness of your argument when ppl beg you to make a point and you prove repeatedly that you have no point. Even this dumb brick can see tha how come you can't? I pity you for your blindness.
EV, I've been to Diego Garcia, there is a Navy base there and a British plantation. Are you suggesting that the United States Navy is with holding information? You are a moron.....
Hey Willy Wonka you pedophile fk face. If you been there your stupid #$%$ would not even have secret clearance. Before you troll on my comment why don't you do some research? There were 20 members of Freescale Semiconductor patent holders on board that flight. Jacob Rothchild (British Billionaire) now owns it by default of their "Death"
Hey EV, what is up with this "do some research" I've been there, I know whats there and there is not jet there. Now go have your mom pull that fat head out of your #$%$. The rest of you guys thumb me up if you think EV is a real turd :) no candy for him...
Willy Wonka stop giving false information. Where's your argument? There's a flight runway and plane hangars there but you obviously never been there. "You're dumber than a brick" I'll give you thumb up your #$%$
@EV look you turd of a human, I dont have to argue with you, its obvious that the people in this tread think youre crazier than a loon so go ahead and keep proving it to them....lol, you are so sad.........
Oh EV, I forgot to mention, that jet is at the bottom of the ocean. I bet you think James Bond is real dont you lol......
Go hand out some golden tickets to your magical #$%$ factory #$%$. I'm crazy cuz I believe the plane landed on that base? Why don't people have a minute just google Diego Garcia, it's legitimate and questionable, but we have people like willy wankoff holding the truth for all possibility. If I say the earth is round he probably think I'm crazy.
@EV, yes the earth is round and you are crazy, now go outside and play.....
Why am I arguing to a Dbag name Willy Wonka? Willy go stroke your oompa loompa.
Hmmm,the Chinese should've swiped enough technology to start searching as well. The Aussies are footing this and not a peep from Beijing.
They are too busy worrying about the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama.
Surely something should have washed up somewhere by now?
I'm amazed that there has been zero wreckage found. If it crashed into the ocean then we should have seen some type of debris some where. Baffling!
Great pics of ocean floor in the area!
Its in a hangar in Pakistan.
Its sad we know more about the moon and other planets in the solar system than the bottom of the oceans
The pilot wanted to be with Bin laden...
? how many ship wrecks did they locate ? how many empty boats or ships were found floating come on they must have found many other things looking for the plane !
Not much crosses that stretch of the ocean.
wait for next national geographic documentary...they accidently found everything...
Had it actually crashed in the ocean some debris would have been found by now. With all of that plastic and foam rubber that is used in those planes. It never crashed in the ocean.
"...went missing" is such a palatable term...
Two muslims driving it and you think it is in the ocean. Sure!!
Why should USA involved? USA have problems of its own. Let Chinese do it for them self!
USA is not involved. Read it !
China only had the largest number of people on board. It was a Malaysian airline.
You are correct, just look at the literacy problems in the USA.
Just let us know if you find all or part of an aircraft about, oh, yea long and, oh, yea deep - because that's all that really matters. Thanks.
I have one thing in common with the searchers, non of us have a clue.
Experts have used technical data to finalise its most likely Yahoo can't spell either...it is FINALIZE
Editors just a year or two out of college...
AFB Bulletin -- Agence France-Presse. They use English, not American English.
It's not a US report brainiacs.
While I do hope the missing plane is found- I refuse to believe MH370 went into the water until someone finds debris from the plane that would have broken up if it hit the water.
When this plane returns it's going to be ugly.
Hoffa ended up in witness protection and was given a new face and a new name. He just recently died in Seattle
this very strange no debris no nothing. moment of silence
Should have installed the Lojack System. At the very least, the Clapper.
Where were you when we needed you?
It will still be luck if they find it out there. Hope they do find it but I will not hold my breath.
I wonder if they'll find Waldo?
He wasn't on MH370 . . Unfortunately Waldo has hit some hard times and is now living on the streets of L.A. sucking #$%$ for Meth . . .
It's a waste of time to be looking for the plane in the Ocean. It landed safely and is being set up to carry a nuke and blow it up in the atmosphere. Just give it time.
LOL Ok so are you preparing your bunker?
Please Player. Is there a way we can stop this? For I am desperate and afraid.
OTL Players theory is as valid as any others I've seen, so what's so funny? Anybody have a better theory ?
So in other words, they still have not found the aircraft or have any items from said lost aircraft, so what is the news about the aircraft, not much except theories like they had months ago....great reporting here,
Sooooo.......You have no new evidence,so bring this up. good job.
There the plane sits at the bottom of the ocean...I can't believe they missed that in the photo above!!
If NORAD tracks every single aircraft in the air and every single piece of debris in space, why is the location of this flight still a mystery?!
Lol... new discoveries?... what a joke. The US Navy has every inch of the ocean mapped out... and has for probably 20 years or more... this is for our subs... what a laughable claim. lol
It's resting on the ocean floor right next to Earhart's missing plane.
Except they already FOUND Earhart's plane.
Go look it up. Her plane, or what's left of it, is part of a coral reef, which was found about three years ago.
That's speculation by TIGHAR, not fact. The 'supposed' wreckage hasn't been identified as true wreckage or by any other markers. If or when it's positively identified as her airplane then the news about it will be much bigger. An expedition to it is set for next summer.
Maybe it landed on Fantasy Island. The plane, Boss. The plane!
What a teaser article! The video is nearly worthless and is irrelevant to this article. It should have contained information on the seabed features they are finding, not a generic animation about MH370 which we all know from the month of news coverage. And instead of anything graphic, we get a picture of an observer looking out an aircraft window at the ocean. What does that have to do with the seabed and the new features found?
What are the odds islam is to blame for this since almost the entire passenger cabin was filled with christians and pilots were muslims.
The story talke dth epictures that were released showing the sea bottom but showed us none of them. Typical Yahoo reporting.
No matter what the mainstream media tries to shove down my throat, I'm just not swallowing this story.....someone knows something.....
It wasn't crashed into the ocean, it was gently landed ,to keep it intact as possible, then flooded and sent to the bottom . Good luck finding ANYTHING,
We STILL haven't found the plane?!
Makes you aware that we know more about space than we do about our oceans.
Not a single suitcase or anything has been found floating in the water. No oil slick. Nothing.
That is what they tell us
Face it, that plane will never be found, we will never know exactly happened, let us hope it never happens again
To Yahoo...Please Stop putting the adds next to the text, ( like Ellen Lied with her jerky movements) its distracting and disturbing, and makes me want to go read another news agency's news, maybe you don't care, but I thought you should know....
There should have been debris hitting the ocean like hitting a cement floor something screwy going on here??
its gone forever part of life
Don't listen to the comments saying Air France Flight 447 took 2 years to be found. Yes the black box did take two years but evidence it crashed showed up within a few days. Two bodies were found 5 days after it crashed. 48 more a week later. But this plane, NOTHING!
They will never find it. Like a needle in a Haystack. Get Real
Man on the moon and now Rover in Mars. But we can't find MH370 in our closet?
It disappeared in Kim Kardashian's behind. Try to find anything in that mass.
one thing i believe, it will be in the last place they look.
Let's all hope that this missing jetliner isn't in the hands of ISIS.
actually, lets all hope the fed gets QE under control before they double the number of dollars floating about the world.
Agreed, but what the hell does this have to do with MH370?
Nothing to see here folks move on! All a hoax!
Search all you want but if you don't know the specific area of ocean that it crashed it the search will be like trying to find a needle in a 50 square mile haystack . RIP victims .
ISIS is hiding this plane under a blanket just outside the big tent at Aleppo where they hold the big camel auctions
I would not be surprised if we were to see this jet again, being used as a weapon against us. just sayin
Wow! From that picture, it looks like it was hardly damaged at all! Just attach a rope and bring it up!
That's a fake photo, everybody knows that the gravitational impact of the water and the weight of the plain would make the plane disintegrate.
I'm surprised they didn't find the passports of the terrorists floating on the water within hours.
Kiekensk: Soloman is not around today. Thank God!
The plane will turn up, and it won't be found on the ocean floor.
dont worry folks they are all fine. they are all on gilligan's island.
cover up, they know what happened. just making excuses anymore.
The sad thing is we will probably learn what happened to MH-370 before Russia ever comes clean on MH-17.
I hope this doesn't take as long as the HMAS Sydney.
I think all the people are dead on MH370 blame the Government.The 777 could be on land somewhere going to be used as a bomb some day just like 911
They will find Nemo way before finding MH370.
You go two miles past Amelia Earhart, take a left at Jimmy Hoffa lane and its on the right, you can't miss it, its HUGE. The only way you can NOT find it, is if you really don't WANT to find it.................
even to this day countries continue to find new species of sea life who knows if they might find something while looking for the plane and even unfound shipwrecks
Have they looked in Pakistan yet? Nooo-oooo!
We know more about the moon than whats under our sea's
The Malay will pay for this !
The aliens beamed up the plane and now they are "serving" people.
kinda like looking for your keys and finding money, wow.
Wow! Wet dirt under the sea....
UMMM news was plane was actually stolen by terrorists along with 11 others Malaysia kinda never said to anyone opps were missing planes,that story got buried now ,interesting,huh
Mike, I did read that it was somewhere in one of the countries that have terroists and the Russians were the ones who said it. The whole thing is a scary thing to me. I just hope all the souls and crew did not have to suffer anything that might have happened. I know things are in our skies that are not us. Please do not laugh, in 20 or so years I have seen 3 things that I know are not from mankind. I really hope they will be found oneday.
thats very true,there most likely is other life i do think
Let's get CNN back on the case!!! Not.
...and, of course, Yahoo wouldn't take the effort to post the new images...
What a stupid story and headline. It's just an animation of the incident which was beat to death in the news media. Where is the freaking discoveries under the ocean?
The pilot took the plane over in an attempt to crash it into the U.S. military and communications installations on the island of Diego Garcia, and the U.S. military blew the plane out of the sky. No remnants will ever be found.
The pilot took the plane over in an attempt to crash it into the U.S. military and communications installations on the island of Diego Garcia, and the U.S. military blew the plane out of the sky. No remnants will ever be found.
And it may not have crashed into the ocean at all!
the video did not show new underwater discoveries.
I looked behind the couch and in the back yard. Nothin'.
Still odd that they can't find the plane. Must be harder than ever now.
At least bathymetry looks very good! " high-resolution bathymetry (underwater survey) data" Boeing must know location of its product!
wow i bet google earth is interested in this.there should be oil slicks for a while or it ain't there.
Let china pay for looking for it, why is it always white folks paying for these colored folks?
I am surprised "they" are still looking for the plane, this always smelled like a government job
Most be a slow news day for these Imbeciles....new discoveries my*a*s*s*
Please. ..stop wasting money on this search. Just toss some wreaths into the sea and leave it at that...
you found osaden bin laden, and you can't find a huge plane. mmkay.
A "slight" difference between an individual in a small country versus 22,000,000 square miles of water, up to 12,000 feet deep- get your swimming suit on and start looking
Folks: You will have to excuse the extremely rude interruptions and idiotic comments by a (he claims") "doctor" named""Paul"-he loves to make a JACKAS of himself to the entire world- Despite the subject of the comments, he's constantly spouting his anti-vaccine and 9/11 conspiracy drivel
Paul? Where are you? You've been crying for a debate for days-(with totally fictitious accusations you REFUSE to prove- and you call ME a "coward"?
Paul" " you find a live link and we debate head to head" What's the matter. sonny?Afraid to have the public read, and comment on, your idiotic claims, which you REFUSE to back? I bet Mommy caught you using her computer without permission, and locked you in the closet again!
I threw a box of pure GOLD bullion there if you find it please contact me please?
Since we know more about the surface of the moon than the bottom of our oceans, this is not much of a surprise.
the plane is in the hands of the extremists. all the people were dumped into the ocean from 5000 ft! and the plane is getting ready for a another 911
That's ridiculous. Everyone knows that we are all part of a computer simulation and none of us or this planet actually exists.
I always say! When you looking for some thing, you don't find it and when you looking for some else, you find it. And this is what it going happen here. May they all rest in peace.............All in God hands.............YEP"
WOW, can't believe they are still wasting time and money looking for this plane.
Did the PTB not use satellite surveilance to check possible landing zones within the range of the plane?
Why doesn't Edward Snowden tell us where MH370 is?
because he learnt the hard way that Americans aren't interested in the truth and don't like hearing anything that may disturb the fantasy world they live in... you know the one where the gov't seeks to protect them, reality tv isn't scripted, Justin Bieber can sing, Kim Kardashian isn't ugly etc etc
and here we are looking for microbes on mars. what backward people we are
When they find the plane it will be over America , The plane is in Iran, ask any Muslim
The NSA said they'd get to the bottom of this, right after they finish reading your email and trolling facebook for awhile.
Why is it that humans have explored the outer space more than its own backyard?
actually I am not sure that that is true...more a cliche or impression.
THEY NEED TO LOOK ON LAND.
THIS IS DON I SEEN THE PLANE IN A DREAM 3 WEEKS AFTER IT WEN'T MESSING
Try looking for MH370 at a U.S.Naval Base in the south indian ocean on a small Island inside a huge hanger ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, better chance of finding it there than hitting a lottery, FTG.
They'll be calling you soon to assist. Thanks for solving this.
And the United States Navy would want to steal a Boeing 777 because......?
Instead of finding the plane, they might find Nemo.
Don't let muslims fly planes, period!! There is no means to measure a person's heart. One bad apple spoils the whole bunch. If muslim people are mad, get mad at your fellow muslims, not the authorities and the public at large. It's not our fault if we don't trust muslims to fly our planes. Too many of you have no moral compass.
Muslims weren't flying our planes, they were flying their planes. Who do you think is going to pilot planes from Muslim countries?
Someone here on this site wanted to have them reveal the new discoveries??? The "New Discoverer's" are just something to 'CHANGE THE SUBJECT"!!!! MH370 is intact, in a highly secret bunker/hanger, and awaiting it's chance to__________??? 'YOU' fill in the blanks!!! Maxx
And waiting it's chance to "Take you to the the planet Zelmack" . . Is what I'm guessing. .
No, until they come up with the tiniest clue, even a styrofoam cup or life jacket, that says this aircraft went into the water, I've got to go with Max.
long as ISIS didn't steal it & wish had a better outcome.
Oddity ; why can we ( Supposedly ) look into outer space and discover thing's beyond our grasp , beyond our planet , beyond our solar system , beyond our galaxy ..... yet we cannot discover our own ocean ....... science is really looking like fool's gold these days or the science beyond our realm is merely Bu11-H0key to begin with ...... As there's no possible way man can discover needles in space if they cannot discover a tire on earth as they claim .
The plane never wrecked or blew up. It landed at an American military installation across the channel. I can't reveal how I now this, but it did. Scoff all you want, but that plane landed safely....we wanted the contents real bad and got it. The passengers.....you don't want to know more.
Eye, it's time to take your meds.
Hey eye, I've been using Alcoa but I read online that a lot of guys are getting better reception with Reynolds, what are you using?
It's time to forget it ever happen since it won't ever be found.
9/11 was an inside job - done by the USA.
That plane crashed in Russia later in the year.
organise team that will search between 100 meters from the sea side search it all around the sea you will get it .,it is trap down along with trees .,
the spiritualist satanic knows were it is but they are confusing ou not to listen to me.,.do this you will seet it.,.,
this plan is not in the midle of the sea the jet almost excape the sea concetrate on the sea corners somehow with trees sea corners no middle change your search mode look at the edges of the indian sea .,.
Maybe cnn should spend another month talking about this.
We know more about the dark side of the Moon, than we know what is on the bottom of our own oceans.
Some pics of the sea floor would have been nice to include in your report. Go back to school.
this plane is lost forever, never to be found.
how long has it been a few months, you still haven't found it? Its time to give up.
I have a better shot of sleeping with more women than Wilt Chamberlin did..Than the chance of them finding that plane..And the chance of me breaking Wilt's record of sleeping with different Ladies is a negative 1000..LMAO
they never mention those rich people that were on the plane . there were some very rich people on there also . those rich people held stakes in military used patents which held huge contracts . now that they're all gone , only 1 man owns it all now .... can anyone say Motive ? people will kill people over $5.00 ..............let alone a trillion dollar patent that has military contracts ...... 239 people killed , 236 would be considered as casualties of the effect .
idiots!!!!!!!!! national inqiuirer ran a story months ago about a pilot who studied some satellite photos and clearly sees the plane in one of the photos. idiots of the world: the plane was found. sometimes the stories in national inquirer do have some element of credibility.
satellite photos of the ocean areas where they are searching for the plane. and the plane can be seen in the ocean in one of the photos. a shallow-water continental shelf I would guess.
Obama really is a complete frickin' moron.
why underwater?/ this plane is one, same with second malasian plane, and this one plane was shot down by kiev's army pilot in ukraine. and pentagon to know it.
It broke apart in two over an island that doesn't exist on any map.
Speaking of lost, has anyone seen Maggie Grace's career lately?
Gilligan's Island? They weren't stranded on an island because of a plane crash. They were on a 3 hour boat tour, remember?
Hide your kids cap'n murph is a child predator, that has sick & twisted fantasies of little boys!!
I've reported you, by the way darrell.
Darrell, its not me whos the pedo, it's you. In your comment on the other article you said you wanted to see a middle school boy get naked on a football field, and I pointed you out as a sick minded freak. I believe you're the pedophile..Not me.
MH370 is in the belly of a UFO!
And the passengers are in the bellies of the aliens!
Will they ever find this plane?
Like I've said all along, it's in Pakistan being repainted for a future mission.
Ask Diego Garcia,the plane landed there, something on board that was not supposed to reach its destination
At least something good has come of all this.
One in a million if they luck onto the wreckage.
Well, there saying about this UFO Sightings that they have huge Military Base underwater so I have no idea....I hope is not true, I know people I think I'm crazy n #$%$.
just thumbs down I don't care
Yeah Rudy, you sound a little crazy....
I'm good with that so long as you are not one of those people who "feel good" when they start shooting...
It was taken by Allen !
I'm really surprised that there was not one piece of wreckage found. I would think when it went down it had to break apart. I myself doubt they'll find it. I hope they do, but doubt it.
IF YOU BELIEVE THIS STORY.....REPLY BACK AND I'LL GIVE YOU JFK & JACKIE PICTURED LAST WEEKEND AT MY PLACE FOR A WEINER ROAST.....
Why has no debris ever been sighted?
Every B777 flight prior to this flight reached the Airport the pilot intended it to go and landed even wing too lo and his comrades at SFO. Unless it was shot down like MH-17, I am sure this airplane is where the pilot wanted it to be. Where that is? Is the question of the day.
These A.D.D. motherfuckers aren't even looking for the plane!
I was hoping they found Hoffa's cement casket...
Where they, it's fair to ask, using Apple Maps???
Someone forgot to punch in the lsland's number sequence.
Wait! Listen! Think I hear pinging....
Sucks to have a Muslim pilot.
the plane has not been found because it very well hidden, they need to keep looking up the sky...
Elisa, Please do not think I am a ding bat. More and more siteings have been see, even pilots, everyday folks like me have seen 3 things in the last 20 years that were not us up there. I really belive the-Aleins-are going to come, in the open. They do not want to trade ideas or friendship. Yes Elisa, I am really scared of those things. please do not laugh. The 3 things I have seen , I know it was not us. God forbid, but it is coming
@Nancy: Who are you talking to? Who is Elisa?
My heart drops for the missing.
They are not going to find something is not there.If they didnt find a peaces of the big jet floating, is because it is nothing there.
I think its stuck up Obamas #$%$.
No, that would be his head. . .
What's with the Obama bashing? Would you rather have Bush back you morons. Short memories.
Not vis a vis this article or any other in particular, I'm just so tired of dumb people.
"an extensive, mountainous ridge" Is is really extensive? Really, though? Thanks reporter for pulling that out of your mouth.
see what happens when God moves as in Noahs flood.
As one would expect- only lightly studied in the past.
it's been long enough that something should have washed on shore somewhere.
The ocean is big. Airplanes are small.
This is funny....they have found everything BUT the airplane....
i bet china or north korea shot it down
highly doubtful.that would have been hard to cover up.
The plane was spotted just over that hill on the horizon by the Mars rover according to CNN's continuing coverage
The plane was abducted from an alien ship and taken far away to another galaxy Many light yrs away .... What a joke searching the sea bottom ... Waste of time ... How stupid everyone is .... Obviously alien anduction is the ONLY explanation !!! !!!
A friend of mine says that she lost her virginity on a date with an alien. I said that it must be in another galaxy by now.
Maybe they should ask Spongebob. I am sure he knows where it is.....O.O
The Capt is the key ,his flight simulator had parts of the hard drive wiped clean and also he was the only one on the plane that had absolutely nothing on his schedule for the next day .As weird as the whole thing is just maybe he was able to land the damn thing on some out Island ?
They are still wasting their time on this?
Well it is good for the "LOOK SQUIRREL" factor with the sheep
Ever since 1937 there has been a search on for Amelia Earhart. There are many other plane crashes that haven't been found. At least our own planet is being explored instead of objects in space.
she was flying a tiny two person plane with one other passenger in a time before satellites. This jet was the size of a football field with 300 souls on board. Completely different scenarios
I hope they at least find Jimmie Hoffa.
they found Hoffa......did you not see the movie "Bruce Almighty?" Bruce made the discovery right in front of the police station. I kid you not .
The plane went further south than everyone thinks and crashed in Antarctica
There was enough if done properly and that is where they will find the plane
There was not enough under any conditions. It's not even close to there.
I'll put money on it. I was physically impossible unless it landed and refuled in the middle of the ocean.
so we know at least one thing?.. It might take Years! to find something related to the crash site....
stop wasting money and drop a wreath in the water.
They did, but can't find that either.
the plane is in my apartment you dumb #$%$!
A very big guessing game. With very little facts to back it up.
I hope CNN starts showing 24-7 footage of the whole thing again sometime soon.
New water discoveries = longest, most drawn-out non news story in history.
i think the Albanians took the plane and its in Albania!
S0,... is it final now? They going to close the books on this one? Or are they going to keep bringing up the dead horse and beat on it some more. I just got to know before I die...
I vote for beating the dead horse some more.
I'm pretty sure evil sob Putin is behind this #$%$.
I suspect we have not seen the last of MH370!!!
it sits at the bottom of the ocean, after it ran out of fuel... good luck finding it
I'm not paying for this am I?
People want to hear about finding the plane not what the ocean floor looks like...
Did I say "all" people?.... Continue with your fascination of the ocean floor, that seems to be more important to you than finding a plane with 239 bodies on it... Sad..
Well, Yahoo tricked me into clicking on another article with a misleading headline. So they've mapped some underwater terrain ...... wonderful.
"Australian authorities released the three-dimensional images on Friday". Umm.... where are these images?
and a huge mothership from the cosmos beamed them up
....or what about any REMOTE landing strips or air bases in Pakistan?
It didnt have enough fuel on board to make it to Pakistan and US radar would have seen it if it did.
A 777 is one of the most fuel efficient long range aircraft in the world... It could make Pakistan from KUL.
Didn't Courtney Love already find it?!
The plain is in the Ukraine.
Or the plane is mainly in Spain.
By George I think he's got it!
The MH30 passengers were now members of the ISIS....... Read my false teeth.
Yeah "real good photos" should have not even bothered.
Psychological reinforcement of complete BS. It landed in the Andaman Islands. After that, who knows. Might have been turned into MH17.
do not ask me I am nuts not physic .. but I will say that every thing is somewhere I do not have it
Shot down by two chinese migs.... eyewitnesses saw it happen !
He is chillin next to me taking a shot.
Joseph, Brandon and Vango; don't be ridiculous. The missing plane is no less than fact!
Maybe it went into a gravitational vortex and "Fell Up".
Has anyone made a Jimmy Hoffa joke yet?
They continue to search ad if they will find survivors, serioulsy what's the point if it is found
It has been my understanding that the U.S. and Soviet Subs and Naional Geographic supprted expeditiions have been mapping these ocean bottoms for years so I guess this is new to someone...
This has to be the non-story of the year. "Towering ridges discovered on ocean floor -- film at 11!"
Yeah, we definitely need more Kim Kardashian stories instead.
There looking in the wrong place I still believe it's on land
look at all these fools ruling out foul play by a government. I guess they choose to look away from the third building to "Collapse" on 911 too. keep living in your bubble
This would be a lot easier if the CIA would simply admit what they did with it.
Australia is footing the bill for China? Why???? Is Wal-Mart behind this?
Wha? So you have a report about something and you show unrelated video and pics? YAAAAAHHHHHHHhooooooooooo!!!!
Dan g they are still wasting money looking in the WRONG place. If the plane had gone down where they imagine it did then something would have been found by now. There is a lot of #$%$ on airplanes that FLOAT. And at least a few of them would have been found by now.
I'll be surprised if they *ever* find it!
"Bathymetry"? What genious coined that term?
i learned it in high school, been around at least that long.
Should someone who can't spell "Florida" or "genius" be derisively questioning lexicology like this? Like many scientific terms, it comes from old Greek. In this case, the words meaning "deep" + "measuring". Pretty simple, eh?
Jet airliner with 200 people crashes in ocean...no satellite images/tracking, no debris, no bodies...not even a piece of paper floating or washed up anywhere....yeah right. The powers who REALLY run this World have gotten away with this right in front of the everyones faces....scary what they are capable of....and they are laughing at us in the process.
Gotten away with what? What was their nefarious plan (whoever THEY is)? What purpose does it serve to obfuscate the truth in this case? Plane goes down in ocean. Bodies and/or wreckage never recovered. Happened before and will happen again.
happened before? in the last 10 years with our technology and proliferation of spy, communication and surveying satellites? no debris of any knind? or known whereabouts? not to mention state of the art submarines and sonar technology?...you sir are a complete tool and a sheep...with attitudes/levels of intelligence and gullibility like yours...the powers that be have already won.
You and many others seem to think that there is some of magical system that can track and/or communicate with anything on or above the surface of the earth anywhere that it happens to be 24 hours a day seven days a week. No such technology has ever existed, nor is it likely to in the near future. As for spy, communication, surveying satellites and submarines their search field is rather narrow, they have to have a good idea, at least to within a hundred miles or so, of where to look. I suggest you read up on aircraft design, aircraft operations, aircraft traffic control operations, avionics, navigation systems, radar systems, VHF and shortwave radio systems, satellite communication systems, satellite surveillance systems, and aircraft search and rescue operations before you go mouthing off. Next time maybe you'll avoid sounding stupid, or at least misinformed.
Yes Glenn your an expert on all things as well I guess huh? The engines on MH370 send engine maintenance data to satellite every hour....to quote an article about that... "the latest evidence of an electronic whisper from the plane, extending an electronic handshake to satellites but containing no data, suggests the aircraft was at least capable of communicating, though nothing else is known about its situation or whereabouts" The engines send data once an hour...for the few hours they say the plane was in the air after it "disappeared" the engines were pinging but no data was being sent. another quote... "Modern aircraft can communicate with airline operations bases and sometimes with the headquarters of its manufacturers automatically in order to send maintenance alerts known as ACARS messages. It was this system that sent out the regular ping, which may have lasted for several hours, the sources said" So YES GLENN! They can track things like modern aircraft in SEVERAL WAYS YOU PINHEAD! Go ahead and keep your head buried in the sand and accept whatever the media/govt./Obama tells you...You are a sheep. I bet you Love Obama and our US govt. don't you? Go #$%$ yourself while your at it.
ACARS does send back engine performances and maintenance data via VHF or HF radio (or maybe sat links, if available). It was developed to minimize turn-around time, so that ground crews know what needs fixing before the aircraft even lands. But ACARS is still not a tracking system. It does not send back position data, only the maintenance data. The Air France flight that went down on the way from Rio to Paris was sending back ACARS data until it hit the water, but it still took a search lasting two years to find the plane or at least the flight data recorder. And in that case the searchers had a much better general idea of where the aircraft was. I'm sure that ACARS system in MH370 was sending data for several hours until it crashed. This still doesn't tell you where the aircraft is, which is why "nothing else is known about its situation or whereabouts". Where is this source you quoted BTW? Since you seem to be convinced that I know nothing about aircraft or their systems and you know everything, let me ask you how many hours of flight training do you have? Also, don't call me names just because you disagree, only ignorant stupid trolls do that. And BTW #$%$ you too!
You make me sick because you are the kind of person that believes anything the govt. or media tells you..without question...you are a sheep...a coward. Its people like you that allow the real leaders of this world to do what they want and get away with it. Answer me this Glenn (gay name for a dude too) where is 1 single piece of debris? a cushion, clothing, piece of paper. 1 single piece...You dicktard..#$%$ you...
Obviously you didn't post here to discuss the real issue, only to rail against governments and the media and to act like a stupid, insulting little troll. Of course no thinking person believes most of what they tell you, governments have been lying to us since the beginning of history. This doesn't mean that they're all involved in some grand, dark, shadowy, global conspiracy to dominate and enslave the entire world, especially when you consider that most government officials can't find their butt with both hands. You give them far too much credit. You're primarily dealing with idiots who are too incompetent to get anything except a government job. Lots of planes and ships disappear without leaving a debris field. It depends how far away from shore they were when they went down and how swift and strong the currents are. Consider also that for many weeks searchers were probably looking hundreds of miles away from the real impact location, which is still unknown. The debris from MH-370 may take years to wash ashore, and by that time may have drifted thousands of miles from the point of impact. Besides it's not as though the oceans are clean. In the southern Pacific ocean, for example, there's a floating trash pile about the size of Texas. If months or years from now you somehow did manage to find a piece of wreckage that MAY have come from an aircraft how would you even know what it was? It's not going to have the phrase "debris from missing flight MH-370" stamped on it, now is it? By the way I was named for former Marine fighter pilot, Mercury astronaut, and Ohio Sen. John Glen. It was a very popular name at the time, and still is. Also, generally speaking, people who use anti-homosexual slurs are themselves homosexuals. So why don't you come out of the closet and admit to being the flaming fancy boy that you are? You'll feel better about yourself and achieve more inner peace.
You are talkin from f both sides of your face. Earlier you said what I mentioned. But now you think the Chinese have morals . Not like us. No seat cushions Nothing Sounds Like a big thorugh clean up job. Do you know any pilots who fly commercially . Pete I suggest you talk someone who is in the business I can't tell everything. Good luck guessing .
Glenn...I hate you. I'd love to take a baseball bat to your head. baaah baah little sheep.
a total waste of time, effort and money.
That ugly Muslim pilot did it. True story, bro.
doesn't sound like they are to concerned about the plane but the bottom they are festinated with find the plane quit getting a free ride on mapping the ocean floor
al gore has said these new discovery's are due to man made global warming
All these new underwater discoveries in hunt for MH370, but still no MH370.
there need only to look in the ukraine to find that intercepted flight where it was later crashed as a political ploy
Don't know what your talking about
Who cares, Old news Stop spending so much money on dead people, (fish food) Send those to us, :-)
this thing about looking for airplane in an area that hasn't even been mapped before, only sounds like the powers that be are using it as an excuse to spend the money to get it mapped.
The flight in question had possible electrical problems. They flew into Chinese airspace. tI had no lights or radio. What would happen if it was flyinng into U S air space near a crowded Metro area . The Chinese were quick to remove all traces . Why is this so hard to comprehend.
Standard procedure is to intercept and try to determine what the unidentified aircraft is before assuming it's hostile. Even the Chinese are not so reckless.
I THINK IT WAS SHOT DOWN CLEANED UP AND THEY SENT THE SEARCHERS IN THE WRONG DIRECTION SO THEY CLOULD FINISH THE CLEAN UP,,,ORRRRRR LIKE SOME SAY THE PLANE WAS HIJACKED AND LANDED SOMEWHERE AND WILL BE USED TO CARRY A HUGE NUKE,,YA I COULD BE WRONG, HOPE I AM,,BUT THEY SHOULD HAVE FOUND SOMETHING OF THAT PLANE FLOATING SOMEWHERE,,,,SOMEONE KNOWS WHERE AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT PLANE AND THE PEOPLE,,,ID BOUT BET THE PEOPLE ARE ALL DEAD,,BUT U NEVER KNOW,.ITS A CRUEL WORLD AND SOMEONE KNOWS,,.WE ARE ONLY VISITORS OF THIS PLANET BUT YET WE ARE SO GREEDY FOR EVERYTHING,,,WE CANT TAKE ANY OF IT WITH US SO WHY NOT SHARE AND GET ALONG,,,BUT THEN YOU COULDNT WAGE WAR FOR GREED CONTROL,,,,IM SURE OUR CREATOR NEVER INTENDED US TO ACT WORSE THEN ANIMALS,,,,,,WHY CANT WE ALL JUST GET ALONG,,MIND OUR OWN BUSINESS ,,SHARE MANKIND WILL DESTROY ITS SELF ,OR LIFE AS WE KNOW IT OUR PLANET IS NOT INDESTRUCTABLE,,,YA SRY FOR THE SPELLING GET OVER IT,,,I MAY NOT BE SMART BUT IM NOT IGNORANT OR UN CARING LIKE SO MANY GREEDY #$%$ HOLES IN THIS WORLD,,
Alien abduction is just as plausible a theory as the ones you mention.
but still no MH370....Because it is setting in Pakistan waiting to be flown to the USA and used in a terrorist attack.
Don't you think something would of washed up on shore by now.
It's not there. Maybe it's time to start asking around?
smarten up , it is not in the Indian ocean--it was diverted towards India.
unfortunately, Plane is in a Muslim country, and the infidel passengers beheaded....
Wasting time and money!!! The plane is in the other direction sitting on land being out fitted for a terrorist attack!!! Planes can't turn off all communication systems by themselves, period!!!
"Planes can't turn off all communication systems by themselves, period!!! " Don't know much about aviation do you. Funny how all the people who make these blanket statements haven't logged a single hour in the cockpit. Of course you can turn off the communication systems, and any others as well. Might not be advisable during flight, but certainly can be done. "The plane is in the other direction sitting on land being out fitted for a terrorist attack!!!" Really? Seriously? Did you take your meds today? BTW the triple exclamation points to not make an incorrect statement any more valid.
The pilot was a Muslim......nothing more needs to be said.
Just give it up already ! #$%$ like if they havent found it by now that arnt going too,,duh !
it will be found. humans rise to these kind of challenges. and, australia could improve greatly it's relations with china by handing them this gift.
Lets stop beating around the bush, we know muslims are responsible.
Seriously! My stupid "Words With Friends" app can track my every move. They can't find a fricken jet!
So in other words, they got nothing.
that was the first thing I did, when I heard it was missing. Hugo Answereand said we are phu.cked.
OPS IT'S WRONG, is not an airplane but a sail boat from hundred years ago
Too bad Justin Bieber and the Kartrashians, weren't aboard.
its on the ground in some mudslime nation being prepped for another 9-11 and all passengers have been murdered. ITS NOT IN THE SEA!!!!
Yep, and my father was a giraffe.
what can top 9-11? How about a 777 with a full payload capacity of a 112 tons of dirty nuke waste.
Crashed or blown to smitherians...I bet there may have been someone trying out a missile when this plane disappeared...
I still think it was a highjack, and they have them in another country. and we will be hearing demands soon.
Let Chinese cary their cross by them self... U.S.A has nothing to do than to face ther own busines
USA is not involved in this. They went home a long time ago.
It will "NOT" be found where Australia thinks it is-If they would go back to where they lost last contact near Viet Nam coast, it most likely in ocean there or in mountains of Viet Nam and perhaps Chinas snowy mountains
Geeeeze...Come on NWO. You could of had a ship put a fake jet hull in the water by this time and without the money. Even better go to George Lucas Industrial Light and Magic and just make a CGI or it. He and Speilberg are in it along with Cameron.
MH370 will never be found . When the Malai. govt realized they had a 911 going on they scrambled the F16's and sent the world on a wild goose chase while they cleaned up the debris right out side of Kuala Lampur.
but but wouldn't that place malai government into the fold with the u.s.? wouldn't they then be "with us" and not "against us?"... thus able receive billions of u.s. dollars to fund their own newly created homeland security? why hide it, why cover it up, successfully defending against a "9-11" would put them in the same canoe as the u.s., a very prestigious place to be.
i tell you look at sea coners were is close to forest searching the sea middle is opt search,.,
utter reused of news again. its not even news anymore. same news with different eye catching titles leading to the same #$%$ report.
right where Osama bin Laden's body may be...
Google Malaysia plane in Israel. Just check it out for fun. They have pics.
Find my IPHONE APP is much cheaper....but NOOOO....they make everybody turn off their phones.
who is paying for this ?
It seems the Flight MH370 did not has permission to land for security reasons,so it has crashed into the ocean due to the end of fuel.perhaps China is hiding the fact.
I am confused on why anyone is still looking for this plane. Any info found while looking for the plane is cool, but why waste time and lots of fundage for just a plane. No one expects any passengers or crew to be alive. If it is found, so what.
Great update that tells us nothing new thanks.
im just waiting for them to find R'lyeh
That is not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange eons even death may die.
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. Y'all
Think maybe Steven King was on to some thing when he introduced the Langoliers?
I think you're onto something with those (b)oobies
Big brother is too busy watching us to see things like this happen...
maybe they went thru a wormhole & are on another planet :)
Meanwhile, Kim Kardashian's behind grows bigger by the day!
seriously? people still think this sucker is underwater?
I've heard all the secret Air Force base this and a new semi conductor chip for drones and other tech that..if and when they find them the autopsies should prove their reasons for death...not sure I'd jump right on the possible nut ball theories right at the beginning.....I sure would be interested how many words got out before the phone went dead though....
ummm, there will be no autopsies. try to faithfully utilize the brain god gave ya.
After all these months they are still pushing that "plane crashed into the ocean" fairy tale??
It's not ever going to be found where they are looking. At that is a fact jack.
Putin is smiling in his heart at the west because now he has proved to himself that he has the technology to send stealth missiles by using MH370 as an experimental guinea pig while his counterparts are still believing that MH370 is somewhere in south indian ocean. ., Ha Ha................., says Putin
See, it all be good then.
The plane has been taken, By aliens. They have gotten tired of taking on person at a time. So they take the whole plane.
Don't you mean up you're URANUS?
I just checked. It is not there.
Maybe ISIS is responsible for flight 447?
what is isis and who is 447?
OMG, that plane is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 6 months ago!!!
Oh Satchmo, your problem is you need to get more fun out of life. Now be a dear and play me a song on your trumpet, ok Satchmo? *stares dreamily out the window*
I told him that! It was ME! *cackles maniacally* And I was not lying! I was not! I've written a letter to Daddy.... *twirls*
haha hashtag. so funny i forgot to laugh.
china probaly has it. they will team up with terrorist & use it as a bomb on the U.S..
MH370 is a HOAX... It is a drill reported as real. Here is your proof... Wellaware1.... google it
everyone of your responses is that everything is a HOAX, but in fact you are a joke. and your mom should have learned to swallow so we wouldn't have to be exposed to your stupidity.
i told ya the aliens took it.....pray for the families....
The little green men from Russia have probably something to do with it.........
bet the landing gear worked fine !!!!!!
ask Jacob rothchild where mh370 is
There were bunch of Chinese scientists on board of that plane...Govts cover up!
Who cares about that #$%$. FIND the damn plane.
You have no idea, and neither does anyone else..
THE ONE THING THEY DID FIND WAS A LOT OF "FAT" FISH, PICKING THEIR TEETH.......... .....................................THEY JUST LUV'S DAT CHINESE FOOD....................................
Soooooooo where is this Mis-Direction going ? . There must be a curiosity from either keeping this ""Alive "' for some future endeavour by the Global Elites for what another ? False Flag with a airplane . Definitely think its not just the Media ..we'll wait and see.! see where this Old Trend goes !.
More likely is that the 777 is now part of "ISIL Airlines".
Something should be floating somewhere....Seat cushions etc.....We will find it when it flies into Isreal ..........soon
what those carpet-kissing maggots need to remember that Israel is prepared to shoot down any suspicious aircraft entering its airspace.
where are the images of the sea floor- what are they hiding-the lost city of Alantis?
lies lies lies it was hijacked
The Iranians have it and are planning an event to surpass their "dancing Jews" event. Look how well 9/11 turned out for the Iranians - COINCIDENCE?
Calling b s on this one. The Iranians can buy all that planes they want.
The missing plane is a HOAX..... See for yourself at.... Wellaware1... Google it.
None of this is credible. That plane is on the ground somewhere. Find it.
Yeah, if you call the floor of the ocean "ground" you are correct.
looking in the wrong place that's why MH370 hasn't been found yet
Enough with this plane. It's gone. And it will not be found for decades. Drop it. It's a needle in a haystack, but the haystack is like the size of Texas.
SECOND THOUGHTS LOL ?? ISNT IT AMAZING THAT NOT 1 PIECE OF THAT PLANE HAS BEEN FOUND FLOATING,,NONE,,NO SEAT CUSHION NO LUGGAGE NOTHING AND YOU KNOW THERE IS LOTS OF THINGS ON A PLANE AND STUFF THAT PASSENGERS BRING ON BOARD THAT FLOAT,,,NOW I AM STARTING TO THINK LIKE SOME OTHERS,,THE PLANE WAS HIJACKED AND LANDED SOMEWHERE ELSE,BUT YA WHO KNOWS,,,,I DO KINDA THINK THE WORLD WILL SEE THE PLANE AGAIN,,MAYBE IN THE FORM OF THE NEXT BIGTERRORIST ATTACK,,,,I HOPE IM WRONG,,,GUESS WE'LL FIND OUT SOMEDAY WHEN WE LEAST EXPECT IT
Nasa ...,can try in finding it by infrared radio wave ? and how much will it cost .., $:-)
Get your head out your #$%$ people this plane will be used for an attack on the US its "Imminent" as the MSM is saying of IS
the plane did not go in the Indian ocean this whole thing is fuqed up. go to you tube and listen to the many stories much better ones than this one
THE PLANE IS IN IRAN. PLANTED DEBRIS WILL PROABLY SHOW UP IN A FEW WEEKS OR MONTHS.