All I remember is that a lot of blame went to the first Captain pilot, and many thought he had mental problems, I hope we can find who was really in the pilot's seat. The second pilot could have landed the plane safely, but I don't think he was in control of this plane either. A sad tale, but the mystery adds pain to the families, and for this, I offer prayers. Also, sorry for all your loss. May God give you peace, and know many really do care.
Ms. Weeks, you stated that it was "pretty disgusting" that the report of this airplane part was from MH370 was told to you by a reporter and not the PM of Malaysia. I'm assuming you were disgusted that the PM didn't call you first hand. What about the other "300" other passengers on that plane, maybe the PM was calling each family by alphabetical order and 'W' is pretty far down the alphabet... and then the reporter jumps in before the PM can get a chance. Ah .. those reporters ... boy they want the credit by paying for info upfront before anyone knows about it. No one is privileged.
waittttttt a second... i noted the comment therefore just saying there are pro's and con's to this part: there was a mal MH 17 crash there was security lapse, were all parts found and intact,? if i am a tricky person and knows how to play emotions and qualified enough to ask people to change parts i would have done three things: picked up any Boeing 777 AT UKRAINE CRASH SITE PARTS and re painted it . 2) almost one year july 4th Montana 2014, a train derailed with all boeing parts anyone sure these item counts were in full entry list (were all parts recovered and in tact, 777 had a few falls in the lake) did they pick up and do the item count 3) lets say i have 7 boeing 777 i am the boss, one of the flaperon need a replacement, i still have the MH 370 plane with me, lets make an example i will first replace a part and throw it as far as possible ( the emotional guys are also playing with emotions,, reuninion island) digestive and vital or not?? , lets hope the plane is found and lets hope i m wrong, but pro and con and the time lapse causes a second mind to work ,, the second mind is either the angel or perhaps the devil,, god pray the parts are found,and if you can observe what i am saying please do pass this message across,, or please wait if there are no further clues, in which i think it is the likely scenario. the main culprit can exchange a real 777 MH 370 part with its ongoing fleet and throw this part away as far as possible, thats also a fact, so lets hope for the parts to float and float and truth be found. keeping fingers crossed and praying. What caused me to say the pro and cons, my neighbours, something is fishy here
one more thing which came to my devil's mind lets hope they find more than 293 passengers in the plane, that means someone was hiding in the overhead beds and was prepared to come out as soon as the pilots flew and left Malaysia airspace. it was a Saturday, a night flight, sometimes awareness is lack causing the 0.001 percent devil to become a 100 percent devil, could be someone hiding in the overhead beds and come out. A pilot with sense or lets say without sense like the German Wings guy who was mentally ill crashed the plane that does not mean this MH 370 would? doubts in mind
Funny how movies affect people's minds nowadays. What is this conspiracy theory being talked about regarding this missing plane? People just love drama and trying to put their fingers on others. The plane simply crashed and it's taking time to know where and how, these are the best experst who are trying their best. Please trust them. I feel for the bereaved families but they should just be patient because they have no choice anyway but to wait for answers.
I bet most pilots think the same that it was the captain. When the first officer left the flight deck he put on the oxygen mask. He then selected off for the passenger drop down masks, you usually have off, auto and deploy selections. Dial up the landing altitude which will bring up the cabin slowly and when you hit the limit of that system just hit the cabin pressure dump switch. There was talk that the plane climbed into the 40's, you know what that was for. He then was on his own for a long flight to ditch it where he thought it would not be found. Pilots don't talk about how incredibly easy it would be to do but they know. You never know, he might have floated around in a raft for a while if the ditching went well. Don't think he drove it in fast because it would brake up and could be easier to find the first few days. Just my guess and could be wrong.
Well, it was only 90 seconds between the time he told ATC goodnight and the first transponder being turned off, so.....
It only takes seconds to put on a mask, hit a passenger oxygen switch off and spin a dial. So if he turned off the transponder it is just another switch.
He may have already been in a position to do that since if there was someone in the cockpit with malicious intentions, there were words he could have spoken to alert ATC to that, but he didn#$%$ likely he had complete control of the aircraft before he even made that transmission
You are right and I theorized that days after it happened when I realized he went up for no other apparent reason than to incapacitate everyone on board including his locked out peer. What better way to quell opposition And yes it was a soft landing, the part found proves that- mostly intact
What breakthrough? The people on the plane are dead and their families continue to grieve!
Hang ON Please !!! Pros and Cons, please do not get emotional yet,, pro: I am glad and also supportive that the flaperon (part of guide wing) has been found. Con Lets say i am the Hijacker of the plane and I still have the plane with me, I am the airline boss and the hijacker myself, have 7 fleet of Boeing 777, one of the boeings need a replacement part, i have replaced it with my other boeing and painted this as the flapreon belongng to the 777 as i have all the serial numbers the right neibors who can swap the plane's flaporen and paint it to the stage that as if it belongs to the 777 MH 370. a) there are people who play with emotions please be aware of the fact b) on July 4th or around that date Montana had a train derailed in 2014 , some boeing parts were thrown to the lake or sea whatever, has the item count be checked and all part s are intact c) Malayan MH 17 crashed also a 777, are all the parts in tact, there was 17 hours of security lapse, someone can salvage any part and re-paint it as the 777 MH 370 there are very nasty people around, please be aware and re-confrim all this before the emotions of the families thrash the Malay Government. we are here to protect each other not to mess with each other, pelase confirm every detail in hand, of course i pray for the families who lost their kins in the MH 370and MH 17 My uncle is a aeroplane repair expert ,,, he and me were talking about these facts and figures, anyone could have salvaged a 777 MH 17 flaperon and put it as the Re-union part , so pelase be aware,, exactly also an Malaysan Airways plane okay. good luck in your wider search hope more articles debris float ashaore,, so the truth maybe found, but also be aware of the above guess or facts
And just what purpose would it serve for someone to put this flaperon there? To play joke on someone?
True. The PM of Malaysia could be behind this. He's trying to divert attention from the corruption allegations he's facing. Political situation there is in a mess. Rermember MH17 was shot down last year. perhaps they got the flaperon and planted it there. he's capable. Murdered a mongolian woman with C4. Look it up.
Wow. To quote you directly: "My uncle is a aeroplane repair expert ,,, he and me were talking about these facts and figures, anyone could have salvaged a 777 MH 17 flaperon and put it as the Re-union part , so pelase be aware,, exactly also an Malaysan Airways plane okay." Do you have any idea how poorly written your response was? Have you ever heard of Tarzan-speak? You know...me Tarzan...you Jane. How come big monkey keeps jumping between trees? BTW, commas are used once at a time, not twice, or three times like you used them: ["so pelase be aware,," "aeroplane repair expert ,,, "] Wow. I'm impressed. You have managed to propel ignorance to heights never before imagined. That's quite an accomplishment. Keep up the good work.
Bob, have you considered the possibility that the person you are complaining about may not speak English in a totally fluent manner, but is trying? You must have some serious control issues. There is help for that you know. ;-) I hope they do figure out everything soon. Those poor families and friends. My heart goes out to all affected. Blessed Be.
I use to work for Boeing building 747's if they have not conclusively figured out the specific 777 this part came from within 15 minutes then they are the stupidest people on the planet.
Don't confuse the smart people working at Boeing with the clowns running the news networks. I heard on the first day that several engineers at Boeing said it was from a 777 just by looking at the photo. And since there is only one 777 that ever went missing, it's logical to assume it was from MH370. But there are lawyers, grieving families, corporate execs, more lawyers, who are all eager to get involved and no one want to ASSUME anything until the facts are known.
I'm sure they did, but the news networks don't want people to know that; they want to keep you in suspense, keep viewing, keep watching commercials, and keep buying their sponsors products as long as possible. It being over in 15 minutes does not serve their cause well.
Suppose they unintentionally flew into Diego Garcia air, were taken out, China surely knows and would be bargaining to maintain the cover up. China really does not want war. What real estate would our administration offer, perhaps South China Sea?
Taken out by what? There are no missiles on DG and there are no fighter planes stationed there either.
Diego Garcia has a US military base on the tiny island, not China. I suppose geography wasn't your best subject.
Tidal patterns will scatter a debris field that can be followed while examining external surfaces can lend other clues. The experts got a clue so just please be patient for answers. These people are the best of the best working on this. Science and more science will solve this dreaded thing. My heart goes out to all the missing and their kin folks.. Let the experts do their jobs without ignorant interjections, please. These are mortal men and that is it. Let them do their jobs and all of you bozos out here,,,, if not buy your own ship pay your own crews and shut your ignorant traps. The plane and the airline are not what killed these innocents.... A tragedy or criminal killed your kin folks... End of story kiddies....
Tim*bhai, i saw your comment, i have written pros and cons, lets say i am the hijacker and still have the plane, i would replace a part throw it far far away, and make a story as the part is from the 777 boeing MH 370, i wuld replace or ground my 777 old aircraft and get a replancement later, it could be a replacement part -- of course real ,, or first copy of imitation but please do read the pro and cons of my comments which have come into the devil's mind or Angel's mind time will tell, if no parts recovered then that is the scenario, something someone knows and is still under hiding
Yes they did the French also have an exploration ship on that now. I do studies of FAA and Military crash data. We're an engineering firm here...
More lies from tim. Read all of his comical tales and judge for yourselves...
After 17 months of waiting and searching, what's the big rush now? Malaysia is desperate to end this case, however the US, Australia and France have not made any confirmation. So where did PM Razak get his information?
The relatives need to accept the fact that the MH370 is somewhere in the ocean. There is no one who is hiding information or even keeping the plane somewhere hidden. This is the reality. The authorities have tried to find the plane, but the ocean is so vast that it takes a lot of time and resources to do so. Even if this flaperon has been discovered, it will still take time to know exactly how it moved with current and where the plane is??
This does not solve anything,who may have that plane and just threw a few pieces around to make look as if the plane is in the water,we have to also look who was on that plane and why someone would want them and the plane.Just a though.
Sometimes it is better to keep ones though to oneself.
Sometime it is better ,but that piece is one of the hardest pieces to break off a planes wing and no signs of other wing pieces or more.the pieces just don't fit just yet to much still missing and no signs of it.
Those flight recorders do not float! Are thousands of feet down and who really knows WHERE? !!
Hey look! The 9/11 Truthers conspiracy wackos have even joined in! Smelly fools haven't showered or changed their underwear in the 14 years since 9/11
All right!!! The conspiracy nutballs sitting in mom's basement in their filthy underwear are out in full force tonight with their wacky theories!
Yeah, they're out in force throwing everything up against the wall to see what sticks
All we really know is the plane is gone and the wing section washed ashore. What happened is still unknown. Only conjecture.
have writeen pros and con try to see if i have a devil's mind or an Angel's mind?
Good. Now let's move on. It is just another case of a selfish depressed jilted queeb pilot, like the German queeb Pilot, who similarly crashed his plane into the French Alps and killed hundreds of innocent people a number of months ago. It took a hundred years to find and investigate the Titanic... and that was a much more important case than this is... don't waste another nickel on this case - but be more careful of hiring queeb pilots.
I wouldn't believe anything Malaysia Airlines or the Malaysian government said. They haven't been forthcoming since the beginning.
The families should have began the grieving process long ago, not just when a fragment of the plane is found. It is unfortunate that Weeks feels buttthurt that she heard about the confirmation from a reporter and not the airlines, suffice it to say she probably didn't have any life insurance on her lost loved one so she is grasping at straws trying to keep the tragedy alive. As far as I'm concerned malaysia didnt bungle anything, the plane plunged deep into the sea and cannot be located. Get over it or go hire your own #$%$ and see what you can find or just sit back and whine.
randy*bhai. pro and cons if i am a hijacker and know how to play with emotions, i would throw this actual part into far far far away land. lets not forget this: i have the plane and i am the hijacker and i am the boss of the airline: i would a) salvage any good part of MH 17, which crashed in UKraine and pick up and change that good part with my MH 370 and throw it as far as possible in this case the (re-union isaland ) 1a) that means the part does belong to 777 MH 370 cos i still have the plane intact and this part is a replacement part B) parts of boeing fell into Montana lake July 4th 2014: ) please search in google. Montana train derails: part of boeing parts flew into the lake of Monatana c) if the plane is found well and good, something tells me there was someone hiding in the overhead beds of the 777 jet.these techies did their work as soon as the plane left Malayan air space, controlled the voice GOODNIGHT 370 SOMETHIGN IS WRONG HERE, A PILOT WITH A COOL MIND WILL NOT CRASH HIS JET, AND LETS HOPE I AM WRONG ON ALL COS I WANT THE PLANE TO BE FOUND LETS HOPE IT IS NOT 1A AND B
But if you really knew how to read the article you would have intelligently noted that the rail cars containing the parts for the 777 did not in fact derail and the cargo was not disbursed or damaged. Only the rail cars containing the 737 parts lost their cargo. As always the simplest answer is correct and the plane plunged deep into the sea.
With all the misinformation and contradictions from various countries and sources .at the beginning ...and then the weird over zealousness of so many countries to send ships and "experts"...and the ridiculous amount of money that has been devoted to this wild goose chase...and even the sea drift computer modellers " accidentally" stuffing up... who would like to bet me their house ..say..that now they will gladly pass on the truth to us in the next few months?
1. This is a state owned airline. Do not believe anything the government says regarding MH370. 2. They know it was one of the pilots and why he took over the aircraft. 3. They will not release any information that may reflect poorly on Islam and the Islamic government of Malaysia. 4. This is one of the most poorly run airlines in the world. When they lost another aircraft it was because they were flying in a war zone while every other commercial airline were diverting their aircraft around it. Yet they took no responsibility when clearly mismanagement contributed to the downing of this 777.
1. There was an international team of experts. It was not Malaysia alone. Malaysia is just the messenger 2. Agreed. 3. They really have no choice if that is determined. 4. Again, agreed.
Malaysia is NOT the messenger nor are they the experts! The experts have diplomatically rebutted their claim that the investigation has come to a definitive conclusion.
Wrong again, fugface. By UN treaty, they are the lead investigators in this case, and all messages go through them. If you could understand English, doofus, they reported that this was AN INTERNATIONAL TEAM OF EXPERTS who came to this conclusion, NOT THE MALAYSIAN GOVERNMENT!!!
Malaysia isn't leading anything that has to do with science. If you think that a dog-and-pony show substitutes for objective science, then you're as screwed up as your sorry-a_s name, FUT.
If the Malaysian government is trying to wood wink the world into believing that they have finally got the missing link to the missing plane puzzle, they have to rethink again. a lot has gone into lies told as what could have happened, and no truth has come out. Someone is trying to shield some one's actions why? If we look at the rush done from the first announcement to the massive search involving all sophisticated ware available, some of us are left with one conclusion, whatever happened, it was man made and those involved are trying by all means to absolve themselves of the crime and blame. It could take long to solve,like the Iraq invasion by the USA forces, the truth shall surely one day come, though painful as it shall be, it shall come though, as it happened in Iraq, we shall have no means to prosecute those involved.
wrap tin foil around your head it will block the beams
Yep. Just a piece of this & a piece of that, a bag of this & a bag of that. Ok. The plane could of lost a part that made it go where ever it could. No one knows where the plane is or where or if the plane even crashed here or there or skimmed over the ocean to a nearby Island if it could. Immediately there is confirmation of a crash. I ask where as no one knows where this plane is or if anyone did try to swim. There is just a lot of questions here that no one knows. So we are told that everyone is actually gone or not knowing of what happened/ I would like to think that some people did survive or maybe tried too before any conclusions are made. Lightning could of hit the plane, and a piece broke off. So everyone with there conclusions where is the rest of the plane. We don't know, we only assume now this is what happened. Everyone just assume til the plane is actually found, and may never be found. Guess that is the greatest untold story for now in this modern age. Sad thing. But I'm not going with any of this. On all oceans there are patrol boats & jet fighters on routine patrol & test flights etc. No one from no where ever reported of possible floating parts or anything from any part of any ocean. Now you figure it out!
Everyone has already figured it out, and you know who figured it out first? the families of the victims that had large life insurance policies. The only ones hanging on for answers are the ones that are not basking in the sun on a tropical island or decorating their new home with their new found windfall as a result of a loved ones tragic passing.
The confirmation of the part as a 777, is reasonable confirmation that it was indeed the missing plane since only two 777's have ever crashed and none over water. It really doesn't tell much information about where the rest of the plane is or where it crashed. As is a part is found on a beach after floating around for a year and a half doesn't narrow the search much other than maybe to confirm it actually hit the water somewhere in the indian ocean.. maybe. I suppose the conspiracy theorists will come up with stories how the plane never crashed and the part was planted to cover up something, lol.
'Could have' or 'could've', not 'could of'.
I HAVE WRITTEN pros and cons do have a look at it sir
LOL ... you conspiracy people are pathetic! Come out of your mothers basements and get some sunshine!
I do not now nor have I ever subscribed to any of the conspiracy theories regarding this disappearance. Maybe it was the weather, maybe mechanical failure, maybe a crew member with a death wish but I sincerely believe the plane crashed somewhere. I do not believe there is any chance whatsoever that this plane was somehow flown to some secret runway in some remote corner of the world and remains hidden there. Having said that, I also do not believe that finding this piece of the aircraft 17 months later and 4000 miles from the suspected crash site proves anything. If there was a conspiracy by unknown parties to hijack and hide this aircraft or a conspiracy by authorities to hide the cover up what really happened and where, it would be a simple matter to hack off or blow off a relatively small piece of the aircraft and dump it in the Indian Ocean.
@Bob, the easiest way to spot a hardcore conspiracy nut job is if they start their comments with "I do not subscribe to any conspiracy theories." By golly Bob, that fits you perfectly. Do you realize that the only reason conspiracy whack jobs exist is in the very rare event that they are right they can say"I told you so." That is pathetic.
I'm 100% with you Bob. From day one I didn't believe any of the theories and when asked what I thought I simply said that I didn't know. At least we can put to bed some theories, one of which is that the plane somehow landed up on the surface of the moon. Unfortunately this won't satisfy some people. Just the other day a theorist friend of mine said that whatever group landed the plane in Pakistan had removed, transported and planted the flaperon on the beach where it was found. He was deadly serious when he said that to me.
@Marc you too are a closet conspiracy whack job.
The newest conspiracy is "okay, let's announce to the public it was indeed a part of MH 370, to ease the burden of the victim's family". Is it obvious that this part of the plane has no molds or barnacles after a year of exposure to salt water?
I guess I am a closet conspiracy person too. I think man doesn't know how to fly and all airplanes are fake projections in the sky by the government.
Thanks for at least admitting it frankc
that in and of itself is brilliant
Interesting that the Australian team thinks they've been looking in the right area, when that area is 2,000 miles away. Then again, Japanese tsumoni debris is often found on N. American west coast areas.
@Susan: thank you. Very few people seem to have even the weakest understanding of ocean currents. At least one of the molecules of water in the last soda you drank was likely to have come from outer space. We are not some super-special part of the cosmos, but we are simply a teeny, tiny part of it Or at least that is the way I see it.
It has been in the water for exactly 515 days.
Personally, spending alot of time in Southeast Asia, strongly feel that foul play was involved.. I just can't believe that an experience pilot could veer off that far off course nor do I believe that this wing floated that kind of distance without other parts to follow... Someone must have been involved in an attempted hijacking when something went terribly wrong.. case in point, the 911 plane hijacked that crashed in Pennsylvania... We all know that story...or the plane was just hijacked by some radical idiot that did not know the distance capability of that particular aircraft Nonetheless, I personally would like to tell the Malaysian people how badly this American feels for such a terrible tragedy and that I hope sooner or later that the rest of the plane is found so you good people can put this to rest... Thank you !!!
Or they simply could have had an emergency and while they were trying to turn to the closest airport, lost consciousness and flew until they ran out of fuel. It has happened before.
JimG - Yeah the real story is there was some emergency, possibly not handled properly and the plan crashed. Usually the real story in aviation crashes are a series of things that lead to the final crash. An onboard fire that affected avionics and systems is often the culprit.
JimG & ifeg...thank you both for your comments but their was no indication of an bad weather or other problems with the aircraft... The pilot was a senior pilot with Malaysian Airlines with a flawless record.. I am not now, nor will I ever be a conspiracy nut but I have taken a special interest in this particular story because I am married to a Filipina that flies with this airline
WACKO CONSPIRACY THEORY #11,564: MH370 and all its passengers and crew are being held captive on an uncharted island in the Indian Ocean by Bush, Cheney and the Illuminati.
The Chinese people need to stop being delusional freaks. The plane CRASHED THERE ARE NO SURVIVORS. ACCEPT AND MOVE ON!
I wish all those officials and scientist and journalist to shut up till they locate the doomed plane these kind of news is so agrevating and sensless please every body do his job quietly and give straight answers and stop the b.s
now, not only fire the company that won the contract to search for the missing plane, but, sue them for reimbusement of the costs to date, since they failed at it.
somehow I don't think there were any guarantees in the contract.
All rigged by the media. Kill everyone involved in this farce.
Meanwhile, the conspiracy nutballs sitting at their computers in their urine-smelling underwear in mommy's basement are hard at work trying to concoct another conspiracy theory to explain the wing section.
Hey genius... The part can easily be removed and thrown in the ocean...
Yeah, Rodger, the Israelis did it. You conspiracy nutballs are insane (and Obama worshipers, too).
I'm guessing the Iranians did it... Its the easiest way to deliver a Nuke to the US...
Gil Gamesh since you are so brilliant more than others on this subject please tell us your incredible and provable, with hard trust worthy evidence of what truly happened to this airplane?
The plane crashed into the Indian Ocean. Next question?
Gil Gamesh that's the best theory you can come up with? LOL you really are a can short of a six pack
Chris is a gay transgender who fondles his genitalia in front of a mirror while dreaming up wacko conspiracy theories. He also worships Obama.
Worshiping Obama is the ultimate insult.
Gil Gamesh your just upset because I shut you down because I asked you to give us your theory with proof and you cant even do that simple tiny thing. So therefore you must reply in insults instead of proving your wise ability to the truth of what really happened to this airplane. If you cannot support your actions to your post then why post?
Iran could have easily removed the part and thrown it in the Ocean...
Well this is more than the investigators could confirm prior to finding this debri. Lets hope they can determine WHY this plane crashed so such a horrendous tragedy can be prevented again in the future! We owe that to all the families, friends, and all their loved ones. They deserve truth and facts! RIP Passengers of MH370!
This stinks, it is a piece of wing, there for it is made of metal, there for it would not "wash up" it would sink to the bottom, become filed with silt and most likely colonized by sea life.
Not always.. A fairly large piece like that can be buoyant sometimes with foam or other honeycomb materials to minimize weight and maximize strength . I'm not sure of the material that this particular part, but it wouldn't surprise me in the least that it floats
Hollow things float. I'm amazed that a ship made of iron doesn't sink. It is a miracle of science.
@Robert: ", it is a piece of wing, there for it is made of metal," Your logic is flawed. Many parts of modern airliners are made of composite material. A sealed honeycomb structure. Flotation is quite possible.
salt water is bad for aluminum
Do people realize that at this point in time, there is now more actual physical evidence of MH370 being somewhere on the ocean floor than there is any physical evidence of the 4 planes that were supposedly hijacked on 9/11?
If you don't count all the plane parts that were found, then no plane parts were found! CONSPIRACAH!
A large airplane would have 2 black boxes i.e. a flight and a data recorder.. and so, 4 airplane crashes on 9/11 means that there would altogether be 8 black boxes for helping investigators determine what went on in each of those supposedly hijacked planes during their entire flight. Did they recover even 1 of those 8 black boxes?.. If so, what did it reveal?
That even a black box is not immune to having a skyscraper fall on it, followed by a month-long burning event. Probably wound up looking like any other bit of flattened, burned gear, in a mass of other such stuff. You had a city full of eyewitnesses, you know... knowing the engine temperature etc. is of no value anyway.
is there a floating device on the black box, or is the even possible to do to it?
nope........it does not float......it is bolted down in the tail section.
@Elaina - Good thought, but it would defeat the purpose if it floated miles away from where it crashed.
I think I read there was one model of military plane that had tested the ejecting flight recorder. But all civilian craft it is bolted down. as Michael stated.
I think info inside would lead to crash site though
I am a firm believer that there was indeed a conspiracy to make this airplane "disappear" and this discovery does nothing to change my belief. On the contrary, it only reinforces it.
When they eventually find the plane 100 years from now, it will be planted there.
I am glad to see that the US Government has started dumping pieces of the plane into the ocean. It gives closure to those who don't want believe the truth.
THEATER, these "news!" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Being 777 result #1 when you add Osama Bin Laden and "Last Prophet" and let google solve the sum: end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
Zeta's right again! They will never admit the plane was hit by an EMP, no good for business.
@IanR, and where is your proof?
@ddm, the voices in his head told him. And he confirmed it with some Thetens who know..
IanR, EMP is not directional. We don't have that technology yet.
1. Electrical equipment went dead. 2. land radar wasn't working and couldn't find the plane (interference). 2. Plane went into a counter clockwise dead stick slow turn just as it is supposed too when it looses power and landed to the west. 3. Same fate for a plane a week later and a third more recently all in the same general area. The common thread? Electrical failures. Why the conspiracy to hide these facts? No connections are made part of the narrative, I find that odd and disturbing so here I post.
and I am willing to bet there are still conspiracy theorists who will say that the plane is sitting in an island someplace being held hostage or is in Russia or that the plane piece found was a "plant". and that the propellers on their head are spinning too fast.
It's easy to see you are gullible and controlled like a robot. How do YOU know it's a piece of the plane? Because some idiot says "yeah that's it" because they couldn't find it and have been grasping at straws since it went missing? Oh yeah, I really believe him.
Almost all parts of airplanes have identification numbers that are inventoried to each plane. All they had to do was find the serial number for any part of that aileron and match it to the inventory for the plane. That is how it can be conclusively identified.
the tinfoil hat and propeller on your head must really be super tight.
They haven't even TESTED it yet. THAT is being done by the French, because it's THEIR plane fool. You KNOW for sure it is because some PM SAYS SO? What a total moron!!
At least I HAVE a head, whereas your is so firmly planted up your rear you are starving your brain of oxygen and proving how stupid you are.
the PM is announcing it because the tests have already been done...duh.
No they haven't they just got the part yesterday, NO announcements have come from the FRENCH. THEY are the ones who can say for sure whether it is or not. NOT some politician trying to save his career you fool.
i read it in yahoo so it must be true lol
browneyegirl, serial number only confirm it's from boeing 777. There isn't unique serial number on every part of a plane except for the big item like the engine and important item like the black box.
@faiguy - You need to research a little more. After 28 years working on Boeing aircraft I can truthfully tell you that Serial Numbers are NOT duplicated! That defeats the whole purpose of a serial number. Hence, a number in series. Some serial numbers denote whether the part is from the left or right side of the aircraft by using the odd/even number system. I hope this helps.
Serial numbers don't; data plates do. The data plate on the flaperon of this place has not been located.
@LP Thank you for the back up. I have flown planes and worked in air traffic control and had information that possibly "fairguy" didn't have, but I wasn't going to argue with the guy. Possibly his argument could mean that every car in the world made by Ford would have the same VIN. Or that every item in the world made by Mitsubishi would have the same serial number. I was going to suggest that he open any machine in his home and look to see that the parts inside have the same serial number. I bet he would find that the individual parts have different serial numbers. I do know that in planes, serial numbers to parts are married to the aircraft, so that each plane would have an aircraft ID number and all parts inside would be married to that plane and located in the planes inventory. I know it is more complicated that that but for simplicity's sake, I just put it out there. In the case with this part that was found, it was stated in another article that a serial number plate had been riveted to the part. I was not agreeing or disagreeing with this article or with any of the commentators. I was just stating that they would be able to match the serial numbers to confirm the origin of that particular part. I couldn't believe someone would actually disagree with "information". But again, you have to consider the origin of the disagreement.
As someone who works in the aviation industry, let me inform you that just about every part is stamped or embossed with a data tag which contains a whole assortment of information, from the date of manufacture to the manufacturers name, the plant where it was assembled as well as a serial number which is very carefully tracked.
Well, according to his appearance on Fox News a few days after the incident, General McInerney stated that his sources said the plane was on the ground in Pakistan. He doubled down on that statement a few days later, the video can be found on Youtube.
"Now I want to know where the main body of the plane is so that we can take out the passengers and get the black box so we can know what happened. Only that, for us, will be full closure," said Jacquita Gonzales, wife of MH370 chief steward Patrick Gomes."....... does this person realize that after 16 months underwater, there is likely not much left of those passengers.....God rest their souls.
most left will be bones and sea creatures. RIP everyone on the flight. if this happened to a flight from the USA, there would be no secrets
terrible....and absurd that malay says it is definitely that plane before testing is complete - it may very well be but malay govt just wants it to end.
Look, they have done enough to figure out that this part came from MH370; they don't have to do EVERY test to figure that out because that could be hundreds of possible tests, and they would all just verify each other anyway
Not according to the people doing the "figuring out." Those people haven't made it conclusive, which they really should before announcing it. Looks like it is from the plane but why not take one more day and make sure before the Malaysian buffoons get in front of a camera?
RIP to all those who perished in this aviation "crash".
--and some people will never believe we went to the moon--They don't count, who cares what the conspiracy kooks think- let them fill their days proving the illogical- keeps them busy and preoccupied- good for the rest of us
Think it's proof the plane crashed? Maybe yes....maybe no. Probably took a fair amount of force to break that piece off. Funny how that's all that is found. A piece of metal that floated thousands of miles and no other debris. Didn't know metal floated. Maybe the Bermuda triangle moved to the Indian ocean.
From my readings, that part was made with a fiberglass skin over an aluminum frame.
now that you mention it i did hear something a while back that the Bermuda triangle was concedering such a move.
Another piece of possible wreckage was found yesterday which appears to be a plastic frame from the passenger window. Paul, don't be an #$%$.
Marc, why do you have be like that. I was just trying to be provocative with a little humor so just chill out. When you fly they tell you that your seat cushions can be used as flotation devices. So now we have over 200 flotation devices onboard correct? So lets assume that the plane crashed with enough force to tear off a piece of aircraft aluminum that washed up on a shore thousands of miles away. Was there no damage to the fuselage? Perhaps, but as you pointed out they may have found a window frame. Isn't that part of the fuselage? So lets just go over the simple facts...a piece of wing, flap, or whatever made of metal that as Dale pointed out was covered in fiberglass so it floats (which isn't very buoyant) floated thousands of miles away and was found washed up on a beach over a year later is proof the plane crashed and yet over 200 flotation devices which were made to float vanished without a trace. All I'm saying is lets not jump to conclusions. The facts as we know it right now don't add up and further investigation is warranted but do we trust the people investigating it? Again...just being provocative not a "#$%$".
No harm intended Paul, humor does not translate well in writing. I thought, as the other commenters here, that you were serious. My apologies.
Paul makes a good point. If the fuselage was penetrated, where are the seat cushions? They do float. All part of the mystery.
It's made of Graphite composite that's why it float.
@Paul G: "Didn't know metal floated" What are ocean going ships made of? A bass boat?
Paul, Metal does float if it's formed in a shape that displaces water if the force of the displaced water exceeds the mass of the metal. Example, take a 5 pound metal plate, throw it in the water and it will sink. Form that same metal plate into a bowl and it will float. That's just physics. Look at the section of wing. Does it look like it can displace water? In WW II all those liberty ships that were torpedoed by the German U Boats sank but they were made of metal . So Paul does metal float?? Now someone with a brain (Robert) says it was made of a Graphite composite. That I did not know and that makes sense. It's lighter than water and will float. Thank you Robert. I never claimed to know all the answers. All I'm saying is the more we find out the more questions come up. Lets not jump to conclusions based on incomplete or inaccurate information.
Funny thing about that Ocean is that it is very, very large and also very, very deep. In contrast, that plane is relatively small. So think about having to look for something that is the relative size of a pack of cigarettes in a place as large and varied as let's say Yosemite National Park...and that is why the plane hasn't been found. That is just pure logic as to why it is difficult to find the plane. Not to mention that it likely broke up upon crashing.
We can send man to the moon but we can't find a missing plane in the oceans of our own damn planet.
part #s faa-pma, approval #, serial #, log books & maint records should tell what plane & parts that were used, ??
Sorry, all those documents are kept in the airlines and Boeing records, not encased in the flaperon. Likely it has a serial number that can be traced to tell on which aircraft it was installed and that will be the proof.
The grieving process is not over, nor will it ever be, until they find the rest of the plane...the families want to know what happened to their loved ones...whether the mystery will be solved, remains to be seen...hopefully, more of the wreckage will be found in order to figure out what actually did happen....still a tragedy, and remain one....
Well, this is good news. Now perhaps they can zero in on the rest of the wreckage.
I am not a damn scientist BUT the length of time the baracles have been on the flaparon would be the same amount of days the plane went missing!!! THE SAME DAY IT DIDNT LAND WHERE IT WAS SUPPOSED TO AND YOU WENT LOOKING!!!!
That's not necessarily true West. What if the plane was hijacked because something or someone was on board that someone with the right resources wanted. The plane disappeared is all we know. What happened to it in those many months is only speculation. It probably did go into the drink on that very first night. But it could also have been spirited away to get whatever it was someone or some government wanted. Then parts of the plane were dropped into the ocean as a false trail for investigators to follow. Who knows. People like you an me know only what we hear in the news.
Now they know where the hey stack is. The big job is to find where now the needle is.
I guess that they wanted to scoop France?
I still don't believe it, its a conspiracy!! only a wing part has been found no personal luggage or floatation devices not even a piece of clothing !!!
Didn't your conspiracy say that the plane landed in North Korea? The think about conspiracy theories is that they never end. They could find the plane with one body missing and there is still a conspiracy theory about the missing body. Ships and planes get lost at sea all the time. Some currents can even go in giant circles. Things don't float forever. The do get water logged and sink.
If anyone out there doubted this, you are stupid!
Well that's solved, time to move on. If people still want to know why, they can make up an elaborate story to explain it. People do it all the time with gods, just blame one of them for it and be done with it.
Malasian PM and US President - the two most incompetent loser heads of states
In "Lost", they find people still alive. Don't know about his one. But one thing for sure, Malaysian government needs to go to the bottom of it to find the truth and the PM can distract the public from mysteriously disappearing $700 million dollars that ACCIDENTALLY deposited into his own personal bank account.
Didn't you watch the finale of "Lost"? They were actually all dead after the plane crash. The entire series was the lost souls on the island and their quest to find out what happened to their lives in some sort of ethereal limbo until the last episode where they all go to their maker. Or something like that.
Sadly the truth will never be known and the possibilities are unending.......
The body are gone. The fish ate them along time ago.
All this proves is that a someone threw a piece of the plane in the ocean...
You know the most sensible answer is usually the right one. I will list some answers for you from least likely to most likely. 1) Plane flew into a wormhole and is now in a parallel universe. 2) Plane was remotely teleported by aliens to planet X 3) The devil took the plane to hell. 4) Plane landed in North Korea or Iran. 5) Plane lost all electrical power. 6) Plane had a bomb. 7) Plane crashed into the Indian ocean at 700 mph straight down. I don't argue with the space aliens. It isn't humanly possible to win an argument with them, because they are god-like. But, 7 seems like the most likely thing to happen. And, the plane will sink when it is shot into the ocean at the speed of a bullet.
Given the condition of the piece - #4 is the most reasonable and logical answer...
i don't believe that's from MH370.
Love and sex is back! We went away for a while, but true love never stays away for too long. As for sex... Hey, we've all had a dry spell. We're back every Wednesday with MayorGalvan
James what the hell does this post really have to do with debris found from a missing airplane. Who the hell cares about your sex life and tag teaming with the Mayor on your wife
Government put that there to fool people.... Aliens have MH370
it takes minutes if not hours to confirm with the serial numbers on the parts......what the hell is taking so long??????
Very close to find answers to the mysterious disappearance of flight mh370.Hopefuly the black box is just beside of those wreckage.
This is sad,even sadder is what if some are alive in a remote island
Well, at least the families can have closure now
Don't worry be happy to all you people whose loved one's are now fish food, Why yes I am a liberal Hilary supporter
Didn't this muslim lied at the start of MH370 crises? Didn't this muslim diverted taxpayer's money into his account under 'Saving Private Account' scandal? Why isn't this muslim in jail yet?
Seems there's a circle of friends "thumbing down" every comment about this....you can go back to watching cartoons and eating your Froot Loops now...
HA!! I know what you mean Lori.
Damn Martians did it to us again.....
WTC-7 yet again. All those documents in the cargo hold. Wow!
This is sad,even sadder is what if some are alive in a remote island
AS long as Mary Ann and Ginger made it, life is good!
The Blast damage i saw in the photos of the wreck looks like it was inside blast !!
And what wreck would that have been Dennis?
Parts of the wreck are coming in ,have a friend over there sending me photo's !
Yeah, um OK Dennis. Skip your meds today?
About time! They could not fine water even if they fell in the ocean.
Why would they"fine" water? What has water done wrong to make them want to "fine" it?
no, no..........she meant fine as in good water, great water as in fine set of ta-tas, or fine rear baggage...lolol
fairguy and john, do try to keep up.