What to do? I am Chair of Research Centre in Space Science and CNS at Durban University of Technology (DUT) and last year in April we proposed to ICAO our project of Global Aircraft Tracking (GAT). Till today no reply, but as experts in Aeronautical and other Mobile Communication, Navigation and Surveillance (CNS), we are more than positive that only our system will work. Why? 1. Our GAT unit has integrated GPS receiver and Satellite transceiver, which has to be installed out of cockpit and will be not controlled by pilot or any not authorized person. 2. This unit has own rechargeable long life batteries, but will use onboard power supply. 3. Unit will be programmed to send Position, Velocity and Time (PVT) including the ID, course and altitude of aircraft in every 1 to 5 or more minutes to the Tracking Control Station (TCS) via adequate GEO or LEO satellite and Ground Erath Station (GES). 4. It will provide tracking of crashed or hijacked aircraft anywhere and in real time, so aircraft can be found in 1-2 hours and in area of 100-200 miles. 5 All data sent by unit will be memorized and processed in TCS, which can be used by Search and Rescue (SAR) forces and by polling pilot can get position of any adjacent aircraft in certain flight area. The TCS can be connected to the corresponding Air Traffic Control (ATC) as well. 6. Thus, the additional service of this unit will be enhanced collision avoidance, which data pilot can ask or get at small display with keyboard, connected to GAT unit. 7. To understand GAT system you can read about LRIT developed by IMO, but we have better Global Ship Tracking (GST) project, which units can get positions of captured ships by pirates and will provide collision avoidance of ships as well. Everyone interested about our GAT project can contact at: ilcev@dut.ac.za, thanks. Prof. Ilcev
It always takes a disaster for anything like this to get done. Same way it took 911 for them to finally secure the cockpits. How many hijackings have we had since then? The technology has to be there to solve problems like this. Everyone should be better off in the end, apart from the conspiracy theorist whack jobs who will have fewer mysteries to spin into wild, impossible theories that never have a spec of solid evidence to back them up.
True, but if airlines ever fitted these things something expensive has to have happened first, Like the recent disasters, Every large company does not like pending even a penny of what they consider unnecessary expense, They would rather find someone to blame instead of their petty penny pinching tactics.
ARINC has global ACARS that has been in operation for several years.
... and MH370 had two ACARS systems. But the primary one was switched off. The backup one is what generated the pings that were detected.
breadcrumbs worked for Hansel and Gretel ...
Didn't they find them a bit plane.
No they didn't `cos the birds ate them!!!
Even in 15 minutes , the search area would still be around 16,000 square miles , assuming a speed of around 500 mph. I am at a loss to understand how a car ( cost £20K ) with sat nav and a mobile phone ( cost around £500 ) knows where it is within 100 ft and yet a Boeing 777 ( cost around £200 M ) could be anywhere within 1 Million square miles or more.
JON R sure the car sat nav knows where it is, but no one outside the car knows anything about where it is. The same applies to airplanes the air plane knows where it is, but no one else has the information.
Actually Matt, there are systems that inform your mobile phone exactly where your vehicle is and they cost between £60 - £300, Just add a sim card to the device and and app to your smartphone and it tracks your vehicle
Too late for MH370 (which will almost certainly never be found, almost one year after it vanished) and some experts are claiming that such a system would not have helped find MH370 anyway.
Why don't they simply fit every aircraft with a transponder that cannot be switched off.
Aircraft transponders work on radar signals, and are only useful when in range of ground radar.
Because every commercial aircraft is designed to be used by our military in case of extreme need. As such, there are security reasons why it is not possible to leave the transponders on at all times. Or so I have been told...
Bill, transponders do not use radar, they use radio signals.
Firefox: I agree. However that would require an extensive redesign incuding the ability for a transponder to automatically register a squawk code transmitted by ATC. Technically speaking, no big deal, but in practical terms, time-consuming and expensive.
Pete, I must correct myself. I should have said aircraft transponders work IN CONJUNCTION with ATC radar ground based stations (which is what I meant), via directional antennas that are part of those stations that rotate along with primary radar antennas. The radio signals operate in response to radar echoes. It remains the case though that they are only useful when in range of ground radar.
A GSM tracker costs 25$ a very good one: 75$ what is the problem?
they can pinpoint an iphone anywere in the world and even eavsdrop on conversations or remotely switch on the camera so im sure apple could supply a bit of something
Err???. Not wanting to rain on your parade. But, It`s only OK until someone switches it off deliberately?
Yes as said "close the door after the horse has bolted",,,,