I think if it were a hoax, they'd do something more creative, less generic. If I were to hoax this, I'd fly the airline, find some piece that could be replicated reasonably, at least long enough to get through the flight. Like a small door on the sink unit in the bathroom. Plenty of privacy to work, too. Take measurements, etc. Go home, replicate it. Take another flight, swap my replicated piece with the real one. Then plant that real piece out on the beach. A moist towelette seems weak as a hoax.
Hey, don't blame me for being inventive, creative, mischievous, and good with my hands. I do museum quality art restoration, I think I can handle re-creating a small airplane part. It would work, and you know it. The only way it wouldn't would be if every single piece of an airliner has a serial number on it. I came up with this one in about thirty seconds. Give me a few days and I could think up something else if I had to.
But would it be something that could float, and end up on a beach, like a towelette? I would have to assume, also, that any official analysis of your part would reveal that it was a replicate, and not the real thing. The nice thing about the towelette is that anyone could reasonably get access to a genuine towelette merely by flying the airline.
ML, read my post again. The part that is found on the beach would be the real piece. My replication would still be on some other plane and possibly never even noticed if it was just a small cabinet door.
A towelette that someone could have placed there just to keep the BS going and lies about where the Plane really is! If something was able to float any debris out of the plane I am sure we would see cushions or something other than a towelette by now. They are either really trying to give the people that stole a plane that they are not on their tracks as a diversion or many government officials know what happened and are just too damn afraid to admit to how it was stolen and would add fear because it is being filled with explosives etc and is going to hit somewhere very substantial! Im sure it can't be that hard for someone if they have the brains to pull it off that they could very easily hide it and turn it into a entirely different plane and then use it as a massive bomb!
Well, if you think the towelette is impossible, why do you think we couldn't have found a huge airliner that had to land SOMEWHERE with all the satellites we have looking at the earth? And really, if terrorists wanted to fill a plane with explosives, I'm sure they could buy some used one and do the same thing for a lot less trouble. Of course, getting any large, unregistered plane past a country's radar defenses is going to be a bit problematic.
No one paid attention to that towelette until MH370 disappeared, it has been begging for attention since the first Malaysian plane was flown years ago.
The towelette was found months ago. Why are we hearing about this only now?
Because this was the biggest media story of the year at that point, and they didn't want any actual evidence of what happened to draw away from all the attention and mystery. That's my 2 cents, anyhow.
Only if they had GPS, this plane would have been found a long time ago. What a shame for the families.
Still think Aliens took them out of the sky in some type of unknown chemical box type thing. Aliens could be 1 million years ahead of us in technology...Still stoned off the Hash oil.
I guess even with modern technology and forensics that they couldn't simply trace the currents that would have put such an item on a beach at a given time and back-track it to a possible source? You know... follow the currents in reverse and start side-scan sonaring the hell out of the path it could have drifted the past 4 months?
My thoughts exactly, but some know it all, or conspiracy theorist will now come tell us both why that is wrong.
Check that, they won't have the balls to tell us why we are wrong, they will just down thumb us both.
Typical Internet stuff. At least this napkin, carefully concealed in the waterfront brush, bought this couple their fifteen minutes of fame, knowingly or not.
This is exactly the kind of flotsam and debris that will turn up. Small items from the aircrafts store and personal effects. Not absolute evidence of a sea crash but a good hint.
Yes, the MH370 investigators apparently are heavy with a Crash Expert mind-set, and light with a Crime Expert mind-set. For example....the towelette found on the coast of Australia, is one of the probable items that could have floated out of a purposely broken cockpit window....after the plane sunk. Which is to say, a Crime Expert mind-set would take the disappearance of MH370 down a much different path.
Stop looking for the missing airplane! Look for the cause instead; it will give a better glue to finding the airplane.
Typo! I meant clue instead of glue.
Why does the window have to be purposely broken? I'd imagine most of the windows on the plane would have broken upon impact, and that a towelette in any part of the plane would have ended up floating on the ocean.
The aliens came and hijacked this airplane to perform tests on humanity. They are here on our planet already.....we humans just aren't aware of it yet.
this evidence is huge, it is something that could put the plane in the area of Perth. But why bother with this only piece of possible evidence, the plane landed on land.
With all the science, no one can trace the damn plane!!! Even passengers with mobile phone??? Our local police can trace where the phone is!!! But I have always suspected it is hidden somewhere in Australia, now there is proof!!!
yes nathan, with all the science, there are places on this Earth that are out of touch. How is it that a cel phone which needs a tower every few miles is supposed to reach that tower over 1000 miles into the ocean? Believe whatever you want.
Yes, son, there really are people this stupid.
Hey, Man. I found an empty plastic water bottle on the beach near San Fran. Suppose that would be a clue?
If it was marked by Malaysian airlines it could be. If not it's just jetsam and flotsam.
if they let the black box batteries go dead and did not replace them when required, they wanted this plane untraceable. sneaky comrades.
Perhaps, they should focus on the area of the beach where they found that towellet. The plane could be in that location....this whole search is ridiculous, they keep looking in the wrong places.
If you had to pay 25 cents to post that comment you wouldn't.
you think the entire plane floated along with the paper towel , or that the plane crashed off coast of WA without anyone noticing it..
at this point why hasn't the airline ceo or goverment issue a large reward for information of the location of the aircraft to cover all possibilities
airlines eject garbage over the open ocean all the time.
This plane came down on land somewhere.
more human garbage in the Ocean.....nice
the captain didn't like that one, so he chuck it out of the plane before.....