To the families, I say this: You want definite answers, here you go. The plane has been missing for almost 2 years, and until the flaperon, no trace had been discovered. The part they recovered has been confirmed as not only coming from a 777, but that it was actually from MH370 (only 5 have been lost so it was pretty simple). Since the part was found in the ocean (with barnacles attached), the plane has obviously hit the water since those kinds of parts don't usually just fall off. I'm sorry for your loss but they're dead, move on.
I know they are suffering but jeez, they act like no one has done anything when there has been a lot done.
Obviously PM Razak has no respect for the French's expertise in the investigation. He plans to pin down the part to the missing plane and save money by ending the expensive search. But the French will not be stupid enough to follow his blind ambition and neither do the Aussies want to take sides in this highly political issue. Let Razak squirm and turn like a pig, his character has no credibility.
If the part is from a 777, shouldn't it be shipped to Seattle for definitive identification?
the world revolves around the americans, you should know better by now
they've already confirmed it was off of MH370. That's why they put serial numbers on things, so they don't have to ship thing to Boeing. Maybe you've heard of them. Once it was determined that it was off a 777 (only 5 have gone down), they sent the numbers to Boeing and they conformed it a few days ago.
What... are these people stupid? Their relatives are dead. They should be happy at another chance to track back to any wreckage.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Wing debris Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
CONSPIRACY NUTBALL ALERT!!!!!!!! Hag in there buddy. The guys with white coats will be there soon to give you a shot and a nice, warm, self hugging jacket. Just hold on for a little while longer.
Trust the French to foul things up. Part is from 777. Only one has disappeared in the Indian ocean or in the southern hemisphere.
That flaperon does not confirm that the plane crashed into the ocean. If the part was damaged and fell from the plane, then the plane may have gone somewhere else and landed.
Yeah, that flaperon totally looks like it magically disengaged from the plan and fell to the ocean, all the while allowing the plane to land, unnoticed by anyone. Ok I'll take some of that koolaid in a go cup please.
"Families aching for closure" Horse twaddle. Nobody is aching for "closure". There is no such thing as "closure". They are just waiting for some news. They will never fully heal from the losses. They will just move on because they have no choice but to do so.
"They will just move on because they have no choice but to do so" And that's what "Closure" is
'We need definite answers' they are definitely gone. Sorry
That flap they found was from a 777. It was adrift in the Indian Ocean [where MH370 was last tracked]. There are NO other 777's un accounted for on the planet. MH370 crashed in the Indian Ocean....the main fuselage may never be found... God bless the lost souls...and may God comfort the grieving families as they accept the [obvious] facts
When in doubt here, believe the French until all facts are in.
The French are certainly not in a hurry to do anything yet. It's the summer vacation season.
I feel for them, but unless they have a faster method of finding those answers they need to sit back and wait.
Unfortunately in life there often are no "definite answers"
where is houdini when you need these answers
Rest assured! You'll now have 'definite answers' fabricated or founded.This debris is a golden opportunity for authorities to escape from the mystery through the backdoor.
Not really. It just opens the wound again, and that wound is going to demand attention that it did not prior to it being opened
How come only one part washed ashore, where are the thousands of other parts? That part does not belong to MH370.
It's a huge ocean, and the parts scatter over time.
Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 == end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Well it has been confirmed now , how could anyone think that after all this time there could be any survivors .
So they found some debris...Big Deal!....is that any excuse for spending even more money looking for dead people who will have been eaten by know.........suck it up and move on for God sake!
Malaysia, France and Boeing should work in synch so that a definite and conclusive answer can be reached. Please have empathy on the deceased families.
Najib just want to announce this news to diverse people's attention from 1MDB. He think that he is a "good news" because finally something come out after so many months. That's why he choose to announce the news himself instead of the transport minister and announce the news before the investigators' confirmation. This is likely to be under the advise of the idiots surrounding him and being an idiots king himself, this move have backfired.
Malaysian PM Najib desperately seeking to divert attention away from his 1MDB scandal. That is why he's gung ho to announce ahead of France.
It is a period of time seem this ill-fated plane disappeared. Let pray for those lives lost and not to argue over if the aircraft part belonged to MH flight. Time passes the true will comes out.
Confirmed... What will be next? Where is the fuselage? Which part of the Indian Ocean floor it is waiting to be found? RIP in peaces souls. My condolences to all their loved ones in deep grief due to this tragedy. ---------- The part washed ashore looks quite new not very old of an old plane debris. MH370, whether flying West or South and then disappeared, the distance was about the same. Someone reported sighting a huge plane flying low over Maldives on 8th March last year.