The plane either blew up in the middle of the night in an area where no ship or human being was present or the plane is so far down at the bottom of an underwater mountain range. A jumbo jet may appear huge to the human eye, but airplanes and ships are just specks of dust in the world's oceans. We are still finding ship wrecks from the War of 1812, Civil War and World War Two along with aircraft. I really hope they find the aircraft to give families closure.
Since it is such a challenging endeavor to look for a plane in such a wide area of sea bed, I wonder what the chances are that the plane is in the area searched but was missed by the equipment. Does anyone know?
Anything is possible, but nothing that has been released so far has led me to believe that they are looking in the right spot.
Something would have floated by now you would think if the plane went in the water.
It may get somewhere if more money is spent on REWARDS for information. Money can even keep ghost working overtime for you.
This what the Captain wanted. He planned it very well. His execution was flawless. It was an act of unspeakable madness, that was perfectly executed. Based on what I've read, it's the only conclusion that makes any degree of sense......though it's hard to make sense out of something so maddening.
that makes too much sense. in this mad world, you need many more twists in your story.
I dread to say that the passengers may still be alive on land - maybe in no mans land which only the Americans know. You can dig the ocean to a new depth only to feel dissappointed with lots of money wasted.
I cannot fathom what parents, family, friends feel due to the loss and no real closure in many of their minds. It will likely remain a hole in the fabric of their being, perhaps never filled nor satisfied because the countries involved won't continue to pour funding into a search that they've admittedly stated has no confirmed evidence of where to start.
Just one more place. Off the coast of McDonald Island farther south, I will pay for the fuel.
Maybe sometime in the future, the missing plane will be found by accident. That is, when no one is purposely looking for it.
I would say that is what is going to happen if this plane is ever found. However nothing I have read leads me to believe it is really in the ocean like they claim
Australia thought InMarSat had all the answers to MH370's disappearance, their Doppler theory turned out to be a total flop because too many data was missing and the prediction led the Aussies into a wild goose chase. Now the search will not be expanded for lack of leads, may they all rest in peace where ever they are. The Chinese will not be happy, they will demand their relatives be returned for a formal funeral. Good Luck!
They are looking in the wrong place. The satellite data was purposely fudged. The plane was taken over by a terrorist pilot and headed to Diego Garcia when it was shot down. No government would want to admit shooting down a civilian airliner.
I agree that they are looking in the wrong place, but I think if it was shot down as a high jacked plane whoever shot it down would be taking credit for ending a terrorist plot
Oh THAT airplane. I found it, lifted it up from the ocean, fed the fish with the people and I've just about finished reassembling it in my garage.
They won't find it because they are looking in the wrong place.
It will be in the last place they look
It was in China 's bed sea, south 10 miles, East 5 miles, chine has promised that , they won't give up until they find it and they did not do nothing liar.
It will never be found. I believe it landed and then took off again to somewhere never known to us . Someone knows though and are not saying.
you are correct, it is unlikely that it crashed in the ocean and nothing has washed up by now.
ya, the con job has ran its course and served the purpose. Time to bring on the next con job.
k, think for a minute please. it would be picked up on radar, anywhere in the world it took off from, most anyway. would be seen long before getting close to a populated area, and they would know what it is. would be shot down instantly. now think with commen sense ok? it was abducted by aliens. never to be seen again. i hear they like chinese food.
That plane WILL show up again...just wait and see! They are just buying their time before slamming it into a building somewhere.You can't have a huge jumbo jet go down and have no debris or anything found!!!SOMETHING on that plane has to float!!!! What a bunch of idiots!!!!
used-to-luv-tennis = BIGGEST IDIOT! Please, get back on your meds!
I agree you don't have a jumbo jet crash and not a single piece of it floats. Even if it sank in one large piece or two by now sea currents would have washed something up somewhere.
it's hard to find vaporized parts from when it was shoot down .
Is it wild speculation time again....the only chance that this plane, and passengers are still alive (this is possible)....the plane was carrying a large cargo of China gold, and was pirated by professionals.
you will never find that plane...that plane was blown up by either communist china and/or communist america..it's hard to fly a plane that was literally obliterated into 10 million piece above the ocean
I still believe the plane is in a hangar some where ... perhaps at Diego Garcia... I also believe the US has something to do with it ...... why was the US not overly involved in the search...... not there style.....
I don't know why the US would be involved in the search unless they felt it was a threat to the country as a whole. One missing American man wouldn't prompt them to do much