It cant be a bad thing that a criminal judicial investigation is re-evaluating much of the fake evidence provided by Malaysian authorities. I refer to impossible claims by Malaysia that MH370 was seen on RMAF radar climbing to 45,000ft something no Boeing 777 can achieve. Then the French also need to scruitinise why Malaysia first claimed radar tracked MH370 flying IGARI-VAMPIGIVAL-IGREX (where it allegedly disappeared 18:40 UTC) but now claim Radar tracked it flying IGARI-Kota Bharu-Penang- Pelau Perak (@18:02 UTC)-VAMPI-MEKAR (@18:22 UTC). Malaysia needs to explain why Thai military radar at Hat Yai saw none of this and nor did Indonesian radar at Lhokseumwae. Even a blind person can see Malaysia is lying. Then INMARSAT needs to explain to French prosecutors how satellite data suggests MH370 BTO values (distance radius from satellite) jumped from 17120 microseconds @18:25 UTC to 12520 m/s @18:28 UTC? In other words the satellite data asserts for these three minutes MH370 flew at an astonishing hypersonic 5,000 mph. How then can INMARSAT assert with such certainty that it flew around Sumatra unless INMARSAT also confirms it "smoothed" the data to conform to Malaysia's claims. French investigators must start by investigating the criminal deceptions & lies perpetuated by Malaysia & INMARSAT.
Very good article. I have been commenting for years about the ambiguity that reigns in France, between the BEA and the Gendarmerie des Transports Aeriens. The BEA is structured much like the NTSB in the US or the AAIB in the UK, but they do not benefit from the same autonomy in their work, as they have to answer in often a subordinate role to the Gendarmerie, which is part of the French military police. The NTSB has also complained on occasion of a lack of transparency and more frankly lack of access to crash sites until the military police have done everything they want to do with the evidence. The fact that there are criminal charges filed from an early stage in the investigation is not in itself cause for alarm, as this is part of the French legal code - Without these charges, there is no legal underpinning for an investigation. It does not in any way predicate an eventual accusatory process or "witch hunt" investigation, and the charges are most often either dropped or substantially diminished in the conclusion phase. However the competition in investigative authorities, with primacy given to the military police, despite their lesser competence in this role is a subject of great concern, and deserves to be better known and more often complained about in France and internationally. Thanks to Tim Hepher for having the prescience to bring this important subject to the fore.
Establishing "who is the bad guy" is precisely the point. Paying the innocent victims family a large settlement is precisely HOW we stop these accidents from happening. Nothing else will do it. Take the unqualified German who killed himself because he didn't know anything about flying….now maybe Lufthansa will hire some qualified guys to take his place….if they lose enough money, they surely will think about it. They should be in jail for hiring a guy with so little experience. After 7 years he had almost zero experience. Criminal. I always thought of Lufthansa as being a top airline. No more.
Money to the family of those lost will not give relief to them , is that what it takes to get over your lost family ? Money will do it ? No !!! Then it becomes Greed by the family. money money money $$$ How much is a human life worth anyway ?? Not enough money of any kind on this planet will fix the problem. It's all about Greed and Pay Back for the incident.
Bozo, the German co-pilot was fully trained and new exactly how to fly the plane, that's how he managed to deliberately accelerate and dive into the mountain, while over-riding the fail-safe systems and keeing the pilot locked out etc..
James, the German co-pilot was not able to fly, he was in over his head. I know, I fly professionally and have my whole life. It is a trend with airlines like Cathay to hire these guys with little experience, let them sit in the seat….and woe unto the passengers if anything goes wrong with the Captain. Yes, he can tweak the vertical speed and send the airplane into a mountain, but trust me, the dude can't fly.
There is BIG MONEY conspiracy possibility with this flight. Because of that, you will read comments written here by the conspirators' stooges (all the usual suspects). First follow the money and also the evidence. How few evidence pieces will be shown.
Put on your tin foil hat- you are losing it.
Yet another ploy....the French investigators are taking their sweet time to comment whether or not the flaperon did come from MH370. How long is this going to take?
No one yet has 100% confirmed that the aileron is from the M370! Interesting!
Interesting? Or an example of French inefficiency?
It was confirmed weeks ago, you clutzes
@James. Nope it has not been confirmed! Nobody wants to say it loud and clear as there are no bodies nor DNA matched up yet.
There will never be any firm answers to how or why this crash occurred. Just theories. A plane does not fly off course because it is defective. Even if the wreckage is eventually found, there still will be controversy over how it landed , why it deviated off course, and so on. There are hundreds of plane crashes around the world that have never been found or explained. Having said this, one can be sure that there are a lot of details that are known that have not nor may ever be revealed.
nonsense... where do you get your information?
IMO it's not IF the plane will be found. I would hope there is enough lefy at the time to determine a reasonable theory of what happened.
IN a related story it has been confirmed 2 individuals on that flight had copies of the complete catalog of Hillary and IRS emails and had planned on turning them over to the press upon landing?Hmmmmmmm?
Ask Ron Brown's widow about "convenient" airplane crashes.
Satellite Based Weapons. One nuke strike and the airliner is gone. Who would have ordered the strike ? Hillary herself ?
Socialism now threatens air safety. Intelligence is now a disease that people are vaccinated in order to prevent it.
So far crash investigations have been dominated by the US FAA administration and that was always in favor of Boeing or other US airplane manufacturers. It is time that this one sided view is getting competition from wherever.
YES, let's make the experts take a back seat... after all, America invented and improved aviation over the past 100 years... so let's replace what works.
I am a pilot myself and I hate monopolies.
.... sometimes monopolies are necessary.... example... the government makes our money... that is a monopoly.... UA777Capt (ret)
There was no aircraft system malfunction here. There is no safety issue. It is solely a police investigation.
wow, i read that some of the people on the plane had to be taken out for there reporting on the c.i.a.'s money laundering that went to support the training and funding of the different terrorist groups and the country each group was to operate in. go regime change trump.
Here is a useful tip for anyone racking their brains trying to figure out this mystery i.e. include a fair bit of conspiracy in your theory formulation and in my own case, pretty much everything that I know about this incident (notwithstanding that it is of course, far from complete), does indeed seem to fit a particular conspiracy theory that I tend to believe to make the most sense. One thing that is certain though, if indeed the airplane is lying intact on the sea floor, then it pretty much confirms a conspiracy because there is simply no way that a plane that size can make a normal soft landing on the ocean without external forces at work to make sure that it does not break up and leave a debris field and for the aircraft to sink to the bottom of the ocean while remaining intact. And If this is indeed what the virtually undamaged condition of the flaperon suggests, then there should be little doubt that a crime of epic proportions has been committed.
If you were a pilot you would know that this jet can be programed for an approach & auto-land at any entered waypoint.
A Being 777 was not designed to land in the ocean and not break up, it simply is not possible for it to remain intact. And if indeed it is lying intact on the ocean floor, then it definitely was by no means a "normal" soft landing on the ocean surface.
But it can remain largely intact with wings level, low speed impact, with only engines and minor flight control surfaces ripped off, as was the case with the A320 intentionally ditched in the Hudson River. The autopilot & programmed flight management system can effect a smooth, wheels-up belly landing unto the water.
@GlueBall, The pilots intentionally turn the plane out of course, or may be the plane was intentionally programmed to fly out of it course to far away in the Indian Ocean. It is no sense to expect that plane intentionally made a smooth lending in the middle of Indian Ocean.
There was no 'smooth landing'.... the best you could hope for was a controlled crash... because the 777 trims all the time while the engines are turning.... NOT RUNNING... but turning. How many of you have actually rotated a jet engine? They are balanced and with one finger, you can spin the entire engine.... which is what happens when the airplane goes through the air.... the engines, even if the fuel cut off's have shut down the engines, they are still rotating.... and if that is so, then electrical power is getting to the trim. UA777Capt (ret)
I suspect that there was indeed a soft landing on the ocean surface which would certainly explain why there was no debris field and also why the flaperon that was recently found was virtually undamaged.. However, it was anything but a "normal" soft landing because the only other plausible explanation is that the plane was gently brought down to the ocean surface by abnormal external forces. Who or what caused these "external forces" would be mere speculation at this point in time but logically speaking, it surely had to be with the aid of highly advanced weaponry.
Yes, the 777 can be programed for an approach, but it is the pilots who command the flaps, landing gear and all the rest of the 'magic'. And since there are NO APPROACHES TO THE OCEAN, THAT IS A DISCOUNTED THEORY. GlueBall If you were a pilot you would know that this jet can be programed for an approach & auto-land at any entered waypoint.
Guess - you don't need flaps and gear for landing/ditching/splashdown into the ocean, just low speed and wings kept level. You can select to cross a phantom waypoint at zero feet over the ocean to do that..
Perhaps the US military may have some info about this mystery. MH370 was flying within close distance to Diego Garcia, one of the US's most top-secret military bases that has all kinds of hush-hush activity. Do some research and see the flight manifest for passengers and you'll see there was a few Chinese scientists involved in cutting edge weapon technology on board that the US gov't would like to have interrogated; also, some of the cargo had to do with the weapon technology the scientists on board developed. I find it rather unlikely the plane simply vanished. They can tell the color of your underwear from space. More plausibly,the US intercepted the airline for its military knowledge. Unfortunately, the passengers would be collateral damage. Why has no one mentioned conducting a search of the small islands in the flightpath, with diego garcia being a prime place to start the search. You connect the dots.
That is interesting. I didn't know about the scientists. That would make some sense but I don't believe that the debris is from that plane. I'm not saying that the US has the plane but someone does. I always thought it was taking for use at a later time by some other country filled with bombs of some type. It may sound doomsday type of thought but these countries are out for domination and death of anyone who doesn't want to believe in their cause.. LIke you said though they can see our underwear, why can they not have the track of that plane. But sadly the passengers paid the price.
wow... people... adjust your tin foil hats.... where do you get your information floyd? any time someone says ... connect the dots... or ... wake up.... I am immediately wary
The conspiracy freaks are alive and well.
Complete nonsense. Look at a map, Diego Garcia is way far west of where MH370 was. Like most Pink Floyd fans you have done too much LSD and can no longer think clearly.
Seems like ole PinkFloydian has drunk the bong water a few too many times.
French judges. Now where have I heard that phrase before? Oh yes, the shenanigans surrounding Diana's death.
Eventually the judicial probe will take preference, because it will be determined that a rogue, suicidal pilot had made deliberate flight control inputs. Most aviation professionals KNOW that there is no conceivable combination of credible mechanical failures which could produce such a deceptive, bizarre flight profile.
incorrect... I posted the plausible possibilities... hypoxia to start with and rookie pilot low time credentials.... and guess what? It all fit. UA777Capt (ret)
Hello UA777Capt (ret) - your theory doesn't fit at all, because hypoxia wouldn't switch off transponder and ACARS; and before hypoxia there is cabin altitude warning and supplemental crew oxygen with enough time to send distress signal.
Without automatic tracking of aircraft over oceans we have to rely on Gypsie fortune tellers.
"Jacques Clouseau" here. I can unravel any crime, even when no crime has been detected. Now, first of all, how does an airplane actually fly? Dear French Criminal Detectives: Unless you are aeronautical engineers and people with years of experience reconstructing aircraft disasters and crashes, don't confuse you detection abilities with aero-expertise. Please let them do their jobs. Thank You. signed: Your Average Air Traveler
Just what any inquiry, needs another level of incompetent glory hounds in the police and judiciary doing their best to grab media attention at the expense of finding what happened. Just what you could expect from shysters and particularly the french.
no matter what the problem is , always blame France , the usual anglo saxon reflex
weird- u r so ignorant. like a typical american...
Aside from the Malaysian missing plane, the exclusion for the criminal investigation is short sited. I think the Airbus design is criminal in that it downplays the importance of competent aircrews and emphasizes the automation of flight controls to the detriment of safety at times. I believe the design that lets the computer auto pilot override the aircrew function is criminal in itself. While I realize the reliance of computers is and attempt to negate he poor quality of some countries' incompetent aircrews, the concept it detrimental to competent aircrews. (I have approximately 4,000 hours pilot time ranging from single engine jets to 8 engine jets).
That's shorted "sighted" and "an attempt." No excuse, just a mistake :)
Huh? '8 engine jets'? What jet has 8 engines?
What country is the leader in Airbus? France. What country is waging a political battle over control of investigations? France. What country should be 'uninvited' to the party? France.
Thanks- my bad, I forgot the 'BUFF'.
Who the makes an eight engine jet? Typo maybe? I've made 27 trips to Asia and another 20 to Europe and the middle east and have never flown on a commercial airliner with eight engines, including seven trips to Indonesia the last 2 1/2 years on SA's A380 (4 engines) via LA, Tokyo and Singapore.
Baloney, Jim. Listen to yourself. "...the design that lets the computer auto pilot override the aircrew function..." There's this thing called autopilot disengage. At no time is the crew ever bound by the safety mechanisms of the Airbus. Turn everything off and it's still an airplane. What you say for third-world pilots may be true, but for "competent aircrews," it is a safety tool like GPWS, TCAS, or regular autopilot use. I have 20,800 hrs, including 5,000 in the A-320/319, and before anybody else wants to claim "If it ain't Boeing, I ain't going," I'm also type-rated in the B-717, B-737, B-757/767, and the B-747-400.
Rick and Susan: Can you explain the loss of that airbus over the Atlantic that disappeared and after the wreckage found determined the lack of crew knowledge and computer inputs essentially disabled the controls at least for the short term? Sorry, I can't remember the flight number. It was travelling from somewhere in South America to Paris I think.
Sure, Jim. They think pitot tube icing according to the FDR. Caused autopilot and computers to disengage due to unequal readings, just like it would in any other FMS besides Airbus. The airplane still has an artificial horizon run by battery power or the RAT, and the engines were running. Could have remained flying. Admittedly a very difficult situation, and no second-guessing going on here, but not a result of the computer logic of Airbus.
P.S. The only thing that can disable the controls of an Airbus is the loss of all 3 hydraulic systems. Then it becomes a lawn dart.
Dear Rick and Susan: "At no time is the crew ever bound by the safety mechanisms of the Airbus." Air France 447? Pilot and co-pilot couldn't figure out why the plane was acting the way it was, and despite the artificial horizon apparently drove the plane directly down into the Atlantic. Airbus fix: Send a notice on paper that pitot tubes may ice and malfunction. Airbus never took care of the pitot tube icing problem. Airbus just warned people..."This could happen to you. I really think Airbus has been remiss on the A300 Rudder problem and the Pitot Tube problem in simply saying, "Our planes have this problem so .... it's now your problem."
The lost aircraft is a Boeing 777. Your shots at Airbus remind me of people who blame President Obama for everything. By the way, it's "short sighted."
I agree Jim. People commenting here really dont know much about Airbus. The computer most definitively 'filter' the actions of the pilot on normal protocol. And then, as demonstrated in AF and Air Asia accidents, pilots were ill prepared to handle the airplane on alternate protocol. The reality is that automation has create a false sense of security on alternate protocol when the pilot is supposed to fly the plane with liberty, but he/she still thinks that the computer will protect the integrity of the flight from imprudent maneuvers.
The problem with the Airbus control logic is the same as all computer systems- garbage in, garbage out. Remember the brand new airbus that crashed into the woods at the airshow ? #$%$, go around mode not properly engineered, back to the drawing board for a fix. Air France 447 and probably Air Asia have exposed another glitch - computers not designed with a fail safe no airspeed input in flight operational mode, #$%$. Also, side sticks are not as easy to identify what the other pilot may be doing with the flight control. If you have a yoke hitting your chest or rolled to one side you know what the other pilot is doing IMMEDIATELY. There is NO excuse for an aircraft to crash from altitude with all flight controls and engines operational, just a loss of airspeed input - ( the pilots have some blame there also.) But every civilian aircraft should be able to be flown directly by the pilot with no interference, a " direct mode "computer override switch for control system emergencies, that reverts it to simple control logic - Airbus should be at the drawing board coming up with that fix NOW, it is overdue for sure.
Airbus has never been able to fix its pie toe tube problem, even though the pie toe tube was invented by the French Engineer, Henri Pitot..
The Malaysian airlines had big-time financial problems before the missing plane incidents, maybe they were skimping on maintenance
Mr Page I completely agree with you. You have hit the nail on the head. Like it or NOT folks but Mr. Page got it right. I flew that bunch of junk A320 for near 5 years and was never so glad in all my life to get back to Boeing. BOTH Airbus and France itself always defend themselves FIRST before any others when one of their junky airplanes slams into the ground. The reason is the alternative would be both Airbus and France would have to accept liability for their crummy airplanes. So its ALL ABOUT MONEY 1st and foremost with Airbus and France.
Leave it to the French to be more concerned about finding somebody to blame rather than figuring out what happened.
Mindless echo, watch Fox do you?
That was a very smart comment .... not
@U and what experience do u have with French judicial system?
Any of you recall the Concorde that crashed on takeoff several years ago? Were the French more interested in prosecuting the mechanic and airline that had a part fall off on the runway that impaled Concorde? Or were they more interested in maybe figuring out how to strengthen the hull?
Unbelievable but true: worldwide NOBODY echoed the FULL story "two Malaysia Boeing 777", all staged with actors: - MH370 will resurface at Jerusalem's Temmple Mount, together woth Obama Bin Laden, exact remake of 9/11 with 4 fake airliners reduced to one fake ariliner, followed by Obama's full detonation as suicide bomber, launched with his staged arrest - exposed by Last Prophet 12 March 2014. - MH17 shot down in Ukraine, part of the arsenal of nazi agent playing "suicide bomber Putin", destroying Russia and Novorussia from within, before his full detonation, "fleeing"to Beijing. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Wanna bet this eventually uncovers the fraud regarding 911 ? These plane spare parts could have come from any of several parts makers.
Yes I love betting with idiots
Only small piece of plane survive, maybe it was shot down with powerful missile when was approaching Australia and did not respond to requests from military to change course. In this case small pieces of plane would be scatter in very large area and this is why plane can't by found anywhere.
The flaperon's condition is not consistent with your theory. It shows signs of a water landing at controlled speeds.
Unbelievable but true: worldwide NOBODY echoed the FULL story "two Malaysia Boeing 777", all staged with actors: - MH370 will resurface at Jerusalem's Temmple Mount, together woth Obama Bin Laden, exact remake of 9/11 with 4 fake airliners reduced to one fake ariliner, followed by Obama's full detonation as suicide bomber, launched with his staged arrest - exposed by Last Prophet 12 March 2014. - MH17 shot down in Ukraine, part of the arsenal of nazi agent playing "suicide bomber Putin", destroying Russia and Novorussia from within, before his full detonation, "fleeing"to Beijing. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
You OK, Matt M? Call 911 if you need immediate help.
Didn't the doctor warn you about stopping your medication?
End of times sounds closer then ever. Whether it is right or not, it sounds like those predictions are coming true. Wars and rumors of war will prevail and multitudes will vanish before the day of judgment arrives. No matter if you are of Christion, Muslim, Jewish, Satanic, or any other origin of belief you have to admit the predictions are chilling. But then again we are all going to die in our own time.
Fairy tales written by ignorant sheepherders back when the earth was flat have been proved to be nothing more than just that, fairy tales only believed by ignorant fools.
Just be at peace with yourself, Harold.
Robert...... you will get your chance to tell God he is a fairy tale with ignorant believers...... please don't lay on your back like a scared puppy and soil your trousers when you tell him.......
the changing climate will kill us all. deal with it.
"Sometimes you feel like a nut..." How are you feeling, Harold?
Frito Bandito......already have stupid #$%$. Just talked to Jesus in a parking lot of a grocery store last week about those like you who have perverted the true interpretation of what a Christian really is. In the middle of our discussion a car drove by with a Tea Party bumper sticker on the back window and to my surprise, JC has a middle finger and knows what it's primary function is in today's culture.
An inquiry? Just back trace the ocean currants and see where they lead! Garcia Diego defense perhaps?
You are right, be-good. There is nothing to disprove the theory that terrorists seized the plane to crash it on Diego Garcia but that the plane was brought down by a US missile. Debris from the plane would have been cleaned up by the US Navy except for that piece of wing that they missed. Now between the French who want to make sure that nothing bad is said about the Airbus and the US probably pressuring its allies to shut up we are very far to find out the complete truth.
Garcia Diego? If you are going to continue with the conspiracy theories, at least get the location names correct.... It's Diego Garcia.
Stupid conspiracy theories aside, missile hits leave plenty of floating debris. Successful water landings leave none, or nearly none.
Hope the black boxes are found .
If it's in one piece on the bottom, they will be. Chances of that are looking much stronger. Finding it, however, is the tough part.
Typical of France government- arrogant, corrupt, inefficient, and obsolete.
Any bets if you wrote everything down you know about France, same would fit on a bumper sticker that could placed on your car right next to your Tea Party flag sticker?
French government provided its citizenry with the BEST healthcare system on the planet , 2 months vacations @ year and free education. they like it. who wouldn`t?
Without the French you would be English
@Robert- as usual you show yourself to be an arrogant immature liberal, a snotty left wing fool, since I was born in French Canada. If you don't have anything to post other than childish insults, please refrain from commenting.
Amen brother you got that right.
So...what did I miss here? never heard if that was the missing plane parts or not?
You missed that now the French are involved the investigation has become politicized and caught up in their domestic power struggles. French too busy fighting among themselves to do proper inspection, examination and analysis of flaperon to determine if it was 100% positively from MH370.
Yea, is it really that hard to identify those parts? I think it would take all of 30 minutes at most!
250 pound airplane parts don't drift hundreds or thousands of miles along the ocean floor.
Dummy those parts were on the SURFACE the entire time.
We will know very little until the plane is found, one part reveals little
In other words, they still don't know where to look for the plane!!!
Notice the "news blackout" on mh370 details and information whats the story.....?
everyday new article about this disaster and the more articles I read the more I got lost please no more articles unless the case is solved
Pseudo science believing Obama voters who were quick to affirm that the plane has been found are now themselves nowhere to be found on this board
That's your comeback, cerebral occluded fool?
Get over the Obama thing loser. Your side lost twice and you need to stop whining. Not every story is about Obama you bitter little baby.
Blah blah blah. Plane went boom people screamed then it sank fish had free meals for a week. I believe the menu was Indian take out easy on the curry. Lol
Also, there is no reason to believe MH370 went down in the created 7th ARC.....based on the airplane wing section found on found on Reunion....and, the direction of current flow in that section of the Indian Ocean....MH370 went down about the last place it was seen on military radar......don't know why the Authorities, hurriedly marched the airplane location to the deepest area of the Indian Ocean......lots of possible reasons, some not good.
On the flaperon there are traces of destruction by fragments of the fuselage, as a result of the thermobaric explosion from Mossad. Obvious facts thermobaric explosion from Mossad are on parts of the airplane MH17. In the terrorist acts of genocide MH370, MH17 used the same components as in the terrorist attack of 9/11, including the Jewish deception joint participants of terrorist attack. The court, which hides these facts is the zionist-fascist gang, and requires hanging for genocide, as a Jew Himmler.
this is a foolish discussion for two reasons- 1) there's not enough aircraft to examine 2) there are concerns regarding investigators' loyalties after incidents like the long island sound crash in which other agencies were alleged to have been allowed to remove evidence for unexplained reasons