Probably the only real pieces to be found are the engines. Everything else disintegrated on impact. At possibly more that 5.000 mts it is quite a challenge, considering that the Titanic was at a deep less than that and in two big chunks of iron, and it took quite an effort to find it. The container with the 'black' (orange) box is minuscule in comparison to the engines and with little metal to detect.
"I promise we will continue everything we can to make the world believe this jet is somewhere at the bottom of the ocean and won't be found. Our British friends from GCHQ have assured they worked with Immarsat to forge radar data to support our claims, and we made sure we had a military jet drop decoy black boxes with half-flat batteries at the deepest part of the ocean so they would broadcast long enough to convince the searchers they were there somewhere, but brief enough to stop in time before they could locate us. I was assured by my best advisers that the strategy we used in the Bin Laden capture would work again. They still think he's dead and buried in the ocean, ha, ha. Thanks again for listening, I will continue to give everyone jobs like I did before and make this economy even better. I am sorry but I don't have time to take question. Air Force One is waiting for me since I'm heading out on vacation right now. Change, believe in change. I did, and I assure you my wallet has changed !! I am Barack Obama and I approve of myself !!"
Why are the United States and Australia shouldering most of the responsibility for finding this plane? It's Malaysia's Plane. Let them pay for it. China can chip in too.
As usual the fool is sending more taxpayer money after a lost cause, sure is easy when it's not your money!
With all the high tech equipment the US supposedly has one wonders if this is a sham to hide what it actually knows. It did take the French 2 years to locate their plane and sosus is in that area.
Oh,whao Obama stop spending our money in others countries.techologie really sucks trying to find the plane,we can not find a plane but we can located a cellular phone....they not looking at the right place.bless everybody and hope soon will find an answer.
Ummm what about America? I am Unemployed been looking for work for a while and can't find it. Was told I am over qualified to work at a Mc Donalds! Friday I am going to be homeless. But who cares?? Nit him.
I'd rather not waste our money... Malaysia did a really poor job gathering the data for this missing plane at the most critical time. Let them find their plane.
I wonder when they will finally realize, IT AIN'T AT THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA?
It is possible also the airplane has never changed the course so they are searching in the wrong area. they should also search the area where the airplane was on course disappeared the last..!
An excuse to get more Naval craft in the region. Nothing more. Unprecedented response to a missing aircraft. That China committed to "aid" the search tells even more. Posturing and mapping at the same time. Here we go! Battle to suppress China's consolidation of resources. Any other theory is childish.
Have our oceans and seas become weapons of mass destruction?
No, as always, they are routes for trade. And increasingly being targeted for oil and natural gas deposits. Combine the two paradigm and see the new world. Divide and conquer is reaching new levels. I do get your point, though.
Obama has no idea what commitment is, except for golfing vacations, and spending other peoples money.
O-Blah-Ma commits, commits, and commits. He's committing the U.S. right into bankruptcy. He's been teetering for quite sometime, and it's time to stop committing funds we don't have while our country is falling apart.
Just finished reading about our "return to the Philippines" ..... hmmmmm so we are going to rebuild our bases there too and at what co$t$ ???? When will it end ?? I know !!!! when our wallets are empty .... I use to think my father was a bitter man when he got older but now I am getting just like him....
Mitt Romney would do nothing better. We voted him, he didn't became a president by himself. Haters gonna hate, Go Obama :).
In my opinion the military knows where the plane is. I think we are going to get the plane back loaded with explosives, not passengers.
ROFL 2, I had thought that initially, but seems the game is military build up.
bingo--obama should look in his back pocket for plane!
Your are so assertive...terrorists will use the plane as a deadly weapon...will see
Obama... to little to late..... its been 9 weeks now
The very sophisticated military radars from Diego Garcia could not ignore that the hijacked plane was heading towards the city of Pearth in Australia !
...more like he's committed to spending america straight into bankruptcy.
It's not like this is a "rescue" mission. Let it go. Eventually the plane will turn up. Like the titanic.
And whatever obammmma says is the "gospel"(sorry non believers) truth, correct?
Poor ole Barack He had to explain in Malaysia how we must respect those that we disagree with... Did he explain how he respects former President Bush.... Did he explain how he trashes everyone that doesn't agree with him... ROTFLMAO.....
"I can tell you the United States is absolutely committed to providing whatever resources and assets that we can,".... We can't -- we're BROKE!!!!!! We don't have a dog in this fight!
Most of the people on the plane were Chinese. Why aren't the Chinese footing the bill. What did we have? Three people? We're already bankrupt.
how many millions should we spend on this ? may be it was obducted by a ufo . or a missle took it out .
obama says this obama says that - the we can change man changed nothing
Might want to try looking in hangers in Iran, or on an Iranian tarmac with a brand new paint job
Navy has a fleet of hundreds of those undersea drones, we were machining them ten or twelve years ago but couldn't say anything till recently.
First of all, the plane is not in the Indian Ocean. Ide wish someone would listen to other witnesses that saw the airline fly at 1000 ft above the Maldives and the Seychelles. Which is not on the way to Australia. Or did Australia shoot the plane down when it came into its airspace? The passengers are gone, they would have suffocated when that plane climbed to 45000 feet. They were already gone when that happened. I would like to talk to the lead investigator and someone from Malaysia airlines to answer 3 questions that I have. 1: what city did MH370 come from before this flight to Beijing 2: who programs the computer for the flight path for its next destination 3: Does anyone check to make sure that the new flight path or programs are correct. one slip up someone forgetting to change a program, and this is all it takes for a plane to go off path.