Pro and con: and one more point: lets not fool ourselves first, lets say i am the hijacker a) i would replace the flapon, flaporen it is whenever needed, lets say I am the hijacker and i have the plane still with me, and i want to play emotions cos i have money and fame, i need more fame so people will fly on my planes only so I create a scene. a) LETS NOT FORGET THIS , WE DONT KEEP THIS IN MIND AT ALL: on July 3-5th there was a train accident in Montana: U S,A. search google: as Montana train derails, boeing parts fell into lake; the parts contain 777 parts as well , were all parts recovered?? only the authorities know of this' DID ANY OF THE FALLEN PART CONTAIN THIS PART CALLED THE FLAPERON, WERE ALL THE PARTS WHICH FELL RECOVERED AT ALL, WHO KNOWS, WHAT THE SHIPMENT WAS ON THE TRAIN Lets say I have the plane intact and i want a replacement, i would throw that part somewhere far, like the upper example , I would do something that I would say the plane has gone down, which is exactly the upper situation. lETS SAY MY COMPANY HAS 15 OR LETS SAY 10 JETS ONE IS ALWAYS GROUNDED AND NEEDS REPAIR, ROTATION REPAIR, I WOULD REPLACE FLAPERON WITH BEOING 777 - - - - 370 FLIGHT- COS THIS PLANE STILL WORKS AND JUST PARTS NEED TO BE CHANGED. REASON \ no one should know the plane is 100 percent with me, i have paid 4 times more to repLace the flap-er-on and I am still using the plane. I have asked someone to dump this part somewhere far far far away also by paying a lot of money. ( the part is real or man made no one can tell ,, if I make a copy as well no one knows except me). Its a first copy highly paid to look alike. Con Of course the world shud know where the plane sank or flew. Of course my condolences for all passengers and their famililes, but I dont buy this cos as a medical patient who is taking leave in the South Asian country called India: My Aunt called up to tell me the plane which was missing has landed but not in Beijing, but landed safely, they are trying to get in the plane, was a Sunday news. After that my aunt called after a week s time and said the plane was missing above between the area of philippines and tAIWAN. (TAIPEI). I suggest you re look into this part, as the guess is the plane is with someone intact, the passengers are not The part is real part replacement : there are few incidents spare parts of another 777's also my friends. Guessing game only who knows who is right or wrong. NO ONE KNOWS AT MOMENT, OF COURSE ALL WELL WISHERS WANT THAT PLANE TO BE FOUND RIGHT AWAY. BUT NO, ITS WITH SOMEONE AND SOME PLACE STILL RUNNING GOOD. I HAVE NEIBORS GOING TO THE POLICE AND CHANGING MY REPORT, SOME THIEVES CAME INTO THE HOME TOOK THINGS AND WENT, I REPORTED STOLEN THESE NEIBORS WENT TO THE STAION AND SAID HIS HOUSE HAS MISPACED THESE A B C D E THINGS NOT STOLEN. THE POLICE WENT WITH THEIR MAJORITY AND CHANGED THE REPORT, SAME AS ABOVE THE PART COULD BE A REAL REPLACEMENT,
My sparrow vanished in the haze!? A sparrow was flying into Chinese space, Seemed she was darted by an archerfish, Then bashed/blipped in an eagle's face. The emu raised her wing to find that bird, She scoured an ocean yet found no waste. After a while, the hopefuls she dismayed. Doubts linger like flies in the putrid preys, Since the bird did flyby the eagle's range, Thought it's in emu's fence. Lo, its French. The eagle rubs one's nose in the sparrow Flaçk a tiñy feather out of his owñ brow, "The bird's brain snapped out as if a loco." ﻿ French kisses a debris Australia was just a diversion. He searched like an accordion Yield nothing but to fine tune. O, Diego Garcia is an omission, Although it is in his dominion. Lo, his voiçe isñ't that of a lioñ? Blamed someone in the cockpit, 'Who' towed the plane in his axis. In his turf, a mystery took place, A French nets on a blue moon, Fish out of water an aluminum, That's why he's commissioned. ﻿
Ok, Dilip and Vimskov: Wow....some far out there stuff!
It seems to me that we are prolonging this issue. Has any other 777 crashed, has anyone dumped any 777 parts in the Ocean? If the answer to either question is yes then we have to investigate. If the answer is no then it is the plane in question. Now lets figure out based on wind and current plus time where the main wreckage may be. I feel bad for the families of the dead but we are prolonging the determination of the finds.
Of course it is from MH370, and the confirmation we have received thus far is more than adequate to prove to us it is MH370. However, the relatives of the crash victims are going to need extraordinary assurances by the most qualified people in the business that their relatives are never coming home again. It's going to take a lot for them to trade their visions of their relatives lying on a beach, feasting on lobster, and sipping Mai Tais for visions of a skeleton strapped in a chair at the bottom of the ocean.
a) iN MONTANA July 3 - 5 2014 , parts of 777 and a lot of boeing fell into the lake due to the derailment of train: were all parts recovered, was the shipment intact cos a 777 fuselage fell into the river/lake as well and was refloated back search: Montana: July 4th, 2014, boeing parts fell into lake with Train accident; B) lets say i am the highjacker i would need a replacement part and the above flaperon is the replacement which i want ,, i will thorw it far far afar away and guess they have found the correct part - - - replacement part, I have paid two times for this to be thrown away in the Indian ocean.... Far away from where it is. running. C0 same again, there was one crash MH 17 ,, the part on the MH 17 was intact and i want to replace the MH 37- with it cos its same configaration as the MH370, the part which is found belongs to MH 17 that part is quite nice but I have the 370 as well ....... can anyone confirm ,,, its confusing story part found.
More important would be analysis on matter clinging to the assembly that would say if it crashed on land or in the sea, if it spent all it's time on the surface of the sea or to which depths it may have plunged, and matter that may be specific to a certain area of the ocean.
This part could have come from any number of planes transiting the area, or any of the number of crashes in this area. Nothing I've read in this article gives me any confidence they are any closer to finding MH370.
They are sure that this is a part of boeing 777, there is a serial number on the part.
Most of the world really doesn't give a ship and are quit sick of those possible articles.
Snip from the only page worldwide explaining what the "Headlines will be: "Reunion Island's Boeing wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370": Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. Talk of parallel scripts and Netanyahu detonating fake bombs to destroy Israel: FAKE attacks staged by Israeli gov, all nazi agents, jewish settlers, orthodox jews and arrest patriots while diverting from reality. Suicide bomber Netanyahu stages fake blood: gays and palestinian baby burned alive by evil orthodox jews, settlers July 31, 2015 - Another episode in this series staged "coincidebtally" as Boeing 777's wing transported from Reunion Island to France. Episode staged as usually in parallel scripts, in this case supposedly against gays and the usual "victims", the "poor palestinian" children. Reality check: - Treasonous Israeli government expelled jews from Gaza 2005 and destroys jewish settlements in the West Bank. - across the border, in Syria, since Sept 2014: the elite of the nazi airforce alias "US lead coalition of 25 countries", officially shares the syrian skies with the mission's pioneers, Assad's airforce, mostly russian and iranian pilots. The only "change" ever since: an increase in the daily dosage of chlorine, splitter ammo and barrel bombs over women, children and elderly. illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
why has it taken so long to give a definite id? send a damn picture to boeing and get on with it..
Well, for us, it's a no-brainer, but the relatives of the victims are going to be more demanding than we are for proof that this flaperon is from MH370. They are going to want assurances from the best minds in the business that their relatives are, in fact, strapped to a chair at the bottom of the ocean and are never coming home.
Well, my point was that those who have more invested in whether this flaperon is from MH370 or not are going to require more proof than those who don't have as much invested in it because the outcome of this investigation will have life changing ramifications for those whose loved ones were killed in this event. They are goig to require assurances from the best people in this area that their loved ones are never coming back. I don't think that it's a knee-jerk reaction for the rest of us to come to the conclusion at this point in time that this flaperon is the proof we have been looking for that MH370 is, in fact, at the bottom of the Indian Ocean. It's not a life changing fact for us as it is for those who had a loved one perish on that aircraft. There are some very basic and undeniable facts that we can confidently come to that conclusion. It is a flaperon from a 777, and the only aircraft that's a possible contributor is MH370 because that's the only aircraft a missing flaperon would belong to. The probability that this flaperon came from a source other than MH370 is absolute zero. But to those who want to keep hope alive, will allow their emotions to override the basic facts and their judgement of those facts.
Gee, it sounds like it might be a common occurrence - "flaperons" falling off 777s. Has any other 777 noticed it's "flaperon" missing?
Something's fishy, no pun intended. They already know whether this is from the plane or not. #$%$ is taking so long? It IS from a 777! There has been one crash (maybe), of a 777 in that part of the world/ocean, let's get ON WITH IT. VERY sketchy.
May all hat perished,rest in peace!
tom will need all you message now ok snap ok Facebook tom plares do not play setting ok tom