1. regardless if this is just a guess, I hope the insurance and other parties will go ahead and recompense the families. 2. otherwise, without serial numbers there is absolutely no proof and even that can be faked. 3. airplane parts, except for bolts and rivets, ALL have serial numbers.... not to show knowledge of that means the Malaysians are just, AGAIN, guessing and shooting from hip. 4. I smell cover up.
Malaysia is eager to close the case and sweep it under the carpet. French investigators kept reminding the finding is not conclusive yet. In any case the confirmation should come from France not Malaysia especially politicians who knew next to nothing about passenger jet.
I've been searching the Internet for the latest news on Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 and came across the following article on CNN: "U.S. intelligence assessment focuses on cockpit activities of MH370" A preliminary assessment by U.S. intelligence agencies, produced in the wake of the MH370 disaster, suggested it was likely someone in the cockpit deliberately caused the aircraft's movements to go off course before the Malaysian airliner disappeared. Two U.S. officials briefed on the matter said the assessment, which was not intended for public release, was prepared months ago and was solely based on available satellite and other evidence, and not based on more detailed findings by investigators. The U.S. intelligence assessment was largely focused on the multiple course changes the aircraft made after it deviated from its scheduled Kuala Lumpur to Beijing route. Analysts determined that, absent any other evidence, it's most likely someone in the cockpit deliberately moved the aircraft to specific waypoints, crossing Indonesian territory and eventually toward the south Indian Ocean. The Malaysian report said the aircraft was seen on Thai and Indonesian radar, as well as Inmarsat regional satellite for hours after it veered off course. "The analysis showed the aircraft changed course shortly after it passed the northern tip of Sumatra (Indonesia) and travelled in a southerly direction until it ran out of fuel in the southern Indian Ocean west of Australia," the report said.
While the report indicates it was likely that "someone in the cockpit deliberately caused the aircraft's movements to go off course before the Malaysian airliner disappeared", it doesn't offer any hints as to WHY. Looking at Wikipedia's page on "Malaysia Airlines Flight 370", there's a link to another page on "Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 unofficial disappearance theories". The two most likely causes (IMO) are the following: Crew suicide/hijacking - The cockpit had the mandated anti-hijacker fortified doors that could prevent locked-out crew or passengers from interfering with a suicide or hijacking into the Southern Ocean. This can be compared to SilkAir Flight 185 (a suspected pilot suicide incident in 1997), EgyptAir Flight 990 (1999), LAM Mozambique Airlines Flight 470 (2013), as well as the later Germanwings Flight 9525 (2015). Less than three weeks before Flight 370 disappeared — on 17 February 2014 — Ethiopian Airlines Flight 702 was hijacked when the co-pilot locked the captain out of the cabin and diverted the aircraft to seek asylum in Switzerland. Cockpit or landing gear fire - In another recent incident involving a Boeing 777 on the ground, EgyptAir 667 suffered a cockpit fire while on the ground which destroyed the flight controls and flight instruments. Malaysia Air's maintenance records for that 777 aircraft are required to include information on whether the FAA-mandated fix to the wiring near the co-pilot's oxygen hose was performed. A similar speculation is that the pilots attempted an emergency landing in Northern Malaysia, similar to an accident involving Nigeria Airways Flight 2120, where a tire caught fire on takeoff, and the later spreading of fire led to the destruction of the aircraft.
While there's a lot that we don't know (and we don't even know ALL that we don't know), here's what we DO know (also from Wikipedia's page "Malaysia Airlines Flight 370"): Flight 370 last made voice contact with air traffic control at 01:19 MYT (17:19 UTC, 7 March) when it was over the South China Sea, less than an hour after takeoff. The aircraft disappeared from air traffic controllers' radar screens at 01:22. Malaysian military radar continued to track Flight 370 as it deviated from its planned flight path and crossed the Malay Peninsula. Flight 370 left the range of Malaysian military radar at 02:22 while over the Andaman Sea, 200 nautical miles (370 km; 230 mi) northwest of Penang in northwestern Malaysia. Analysis of satellite communications between the aircraft and Inmarsat's satellite communications network concluded that the flight continued until at least 08:19 MYT and flew south into the southern Indian Ocean, although the precise location cannot be determined... Power was lost to the aircraft's satellite data unit (SDU) at some point between 01:07 and 02:03; the SDU logged onto Inmarsat's satellite communication network at 02:25—three minutes after the aircraft left the range of radar. Based on analysis of the satellite communications, the aircraft turned south after passing north of Sumatra and flew for five hours without communication and with little deviation in its track, suggesting that the aircraft was flying on autopilot without manual input from the cockpit and that Flight 370 may have experienced a hypoxia event, ending when fuel was exhausted. An analysis by the ATSB comparing the evidence available for Flight 370 with three categories of accidents — an in-flight upset (e.g., stall), a glide event (e.g., engine failure, fuel starvation), and an unresponsive crew or hypoxia event — concluded that an unresponsive crew or hypoxia event "best fit the available evidence" for the five-hour period of the flight as it travelled south over the Indian Ocean without communication or significant deviations in its track, likely on autopilot.
Since extensive background investigations on all passengers and crew members have been conducted since the plane went missing, the most likely scenario (again, IMO) is some sort of catastrophic failure causing a fire or loss of cabin pressure. I speculate that the crew made desperate attempts to divert to the nearest airport, put the controls on autopilot (with no time for an exact heading), tried to deal with the situation, and were overcome (by smoke if there was a cabin fire, or by hypoxia as described above) and the plane flew on until it ran out of fuel.
The catastrophic fire theory and hypoxia theory has two drawbacks- namely the flight made several turns prior to flying south, as theorized, by auto pilot. If the pilots were that busy, they would not have done that many turns. Secondly, if there were a fire on board, the plane would have been destroyed and not be able to continue for another 6 hours. The hypoxia theory stems from the Helios jet which flew on until it crashed with everyone unconscious except one person. In that case, there was no fire and the crash was attributed to a maintenance mechanic forgetting to turn back an air exhaust switch. A more plausible theory is that there was some form of fire in the cargo hold and it was put out by the halon system in the plane. Halon can be deadly and everyone on board succumbed. But it still does not explain the several turns made. That is why many analysts, besides US intelligence, think there was a nefarious turn of events. The latest theory is that attributed to an actual security flaw in the 777 whereby the EEE compartment, the electronic centre of the plane, can be accessed through the passenger compartment. If someone did that, that person can take over control of the plane, but again, that is just another theory and there is no "why" postulated. The biggest irony is that even if the plane and its black boxes were recovered, we may never know because the voices black box lasts only an hour and the plane flew on for over 6 hours. The flight data black box too may not tell us much if nothing was wrong with the plane!
Brad - Good response! Not many people take the time for intelligent replies. Agreed, the voice recorder (if they ever find it) may not be of any help. As for the data recorder, information NOT on it may be as helpful as what IS on it, i.e. used to eliminate various possibilities as to what went wrong.
Why? Islamic fundamentalism.... ~says their god and favorite prophet told them to do it to get the 72 virgins...and Razak (the closet Islamist) does not want the world to know.
To me, this was a human event. There is no catastrophic event that would turn off the transponder, fly essentially due west, and then south. An autopilot programming error from where it was, would have flown the aircraft on a southwest path to the southern Indian ocean. If it wasn't one of the pilots, then someone took over the aircraft. Perhaps the cockpit security with these two pilots was lax and was observed previously, as had been the case with the two Australian girls in the cockpit. Not sure how "good" the airport security is in Malaysia, but this has the markings of someone disabling/killing the pilots, locking the cockpit door and flying off into the Indian Ocean. Also the low flight level of the plane going back over Malaysia would indicate someone who was willing to risk flying into another aircraft, especially with the transponder off. Short of a complete, instantaneous break-up of the plane, as in TWA #800, this has all the earmarks of an "extremist" scenario.
If ya wanna play the wild guessing game - could it be a botched 9/11? Pilots disabled but hijacker was incompetent? Took control of the plane, knew how to to turn off the transponder but couldn't navigate. Wasn't it a night flight? No visual references - not like aiming a plane at the Twin Towers. Or hypoxia or the lithium battery cargo caught fire or..... oh the possibilities are endless.
I believe that it was an attempt at Jihadist activity.
Tad . . ."Wasn't it a night flight? No visual references" This pretty much tells everyone what your knowledge base is.
Thank you Captain Obvious. The part comes from a crashed 777 and only one 777 has ever crashed.
INTO THE INDIAN OCEAN. 777's have crashed elsewhere, like the clowns that couldn't find the runway in San Francisco in broad daylight and clear weather.
Are people thinking that some of the passengers are still alive?
Saw some on TV who claim their relatives are still alive- I guess they think "Gilligan's Island' was a real show.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Jerusalem: Carbon Copy of 911 2001: Obama Bin Laden resurrects from an ocean of discrepancies. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03 For REALITY: End Times Paradoxes: World's safest countries for christians as well as for more than half of whites Egypt since 2013 and tiny Maldives (both with a muslim majority) are two out of only three countries in the list where population is not being bombed by the nazi airforce with barrel bombs, splitter bombs and in Syria also chlorine. The third one is Bhutan (Buddhist). Rest of the list are liberated areas of - Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Somalia, Azawad (again muslim majority). - South Sudan, Central African Republic and east Congo (christian majority). BASICS Manhunt for non-whites is now starting in the white majority areas of the IV Reich. See: Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ Genocide of whites started with unborn, elderly and sick in hospitals years ago and about to be drastically increased with simultaneous and global compulsory vaccination. Goal: exterminate half of whites and 85% of non-whites. Compulsory vaccination alias vassassination: Why it was postponed again and again since 2009 (4th time added May 4 2014, 5th time added Jan 18, 2015) global-genocide.blog+spot. /2011/07/
Sorry to be the one to inform you, but you missed "Comicon".
Yo GM - ya think Matt and Shalong are lovers?
They're "mixing it up", for sure.
They weren't sure it was from that flight??? Absurd... Did another 777 crash in the Indian Ocean over the last year? Where else would the wing piece have come from?
When officials are dealing with a situation that has strong implications for families and corporations, they want to be sure about their facts. Saying "Well, isn't it obvious" isn't going to cut it. Do you want to be the government official who gets it wrong and announces it incorrectly in the media? And there was no hurry in declaring the part's authenticity. Your impatiences is your problem.
Oh please... Get it wrong? As I said, what other 777 crashed in the Indian Ocean over the last year? Has nothing to do with impatience - just common sense, which you apparently lack...
This is truly a sad story all around.. I wish the MH370 victims families find peace. I hope they can locate the plane it has to be near the island somewhere. RIP to the victims..
The wing piece had barnacles growing on it. It washed up on the island. The plane probably crashed 1000 miles from the island.
If you Come For The Comments you got some really weird posts here, and must be thrilled at the variety.
Commenter please enlighten me on where I should comment ? ... Post something related or move along.
From a CBS News article (Malaysian official: More plane debris found on Reunion Island): Malaysia's transport minister said Thursday that a Malaysian team in the French territory of Reunion Island had collected other plane debris, including a window and some aluminum foil. He said the new debris has been sent, "to the French authorities for verification. I cannot confirm that it's from MH370." I've heard elsewhere that the drift currents in that area are very unpredictable and that they have not (yet?) altered the area that they're sonar mapping.
Yeah the current definitely played a part but a good start to the area for search operations would be around that island. Hopefully they make a breakthrough with sonar tech to locate the plane at the bottom of Indian Ocean
based on the currents chart...lots of wreckage is either on a beach somewhere or still swirling around...strange that no notices to be alert of washed up wreckage was not sent out and not one item was ever found by the aussie search team and they gave up the hunt!!
The fuselage should be at the bottom .. Hopefully sonar finds it ... Debris should still be floating or washing up like it stated above. Search teams always give up after a while .. Much to the dismay of the victims families
It is possible that there are no parts left on the ocean floor that are big enough to be detected from the surface and if some of them floated off, the disbursal would be hard to track.
I can see why this airline has filed bankruptcy. They have had some major crazy crashes in 2014. I think the number was 3, and that's a high amount of crashes from one airliner in one year. If you look to who is running the airline, who is flying the airplanes, there is no further explanation needed. It's a muslim based country and I wouldn't trust any muslim pilot to fly a taxi cab let alone a jet airplane. All pure human events here, can't blame it on technical or mechanical failures.
Malaysian Airlines has only had 2 crashes in 2014 (the 3rd one that you're referring to was Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501 - an Airbus A320-216 that crashed during bad weather on 28 December, 2014). The 2 Malaysian Airline crashes were : Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 - Boeing 777-200ER shot down over Ukraine on 17 July, 2014 Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 - Boeing 777-200ER went missing on 8 March, 2014
This discovery has just opened up the old wound again. Very sad indeed and wish the suffering will end soon......
OK, the flaperon belongs to MH370 with 99% certainty. For the families it should be 100% though. What they want in fact is that the accident would have never happened. Reality check is not wired in human brains. Not only in Asia. In U.S.A. more than 50% reject science.
French investigators did not confirm for sure the debris is from MH370. Najib jumped the gun to announce it.
Trying to deflect attention from the fact he is accused of taking a $700 million bribe, stealing funds from his country, and various other crimes.
Now since there is only one missing 777 - MH370, where else could it have come from?
Come on Folks, the plane did not go to Shangri-La; the pieces are in the ocean, and the passengers have been et, burped, and forgotten by the fish!
in water that deep and cold...I assume the passengers may still be in their seats!!
In sixteen months that flaperon could have drifted a long ways. The journalists could have easily gotten some information on the prevailing currents from experts, and provided that interesting bit of information. Do we have to do everything for those guys?
In 16 months the flaperon could have circled the whole Indian Ocean. The expert I saw, from Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute said it's been in the water so long he didn't think you could accurately say where it had originated due to the fact that surface currents tend to change directions during the change of seasons as the year goes by.
Really got to wonder why the media couldn't have provided the same info on the currents. After all, they are getting paid aren't they? Maybe they just aren't bright enough to have thought of it.
Hmmm....I have to admit that I'm taking this story with a grain of salt. My problem is just this one piece of the plane decided to wash up. Not saying that it actually happened but it would be way to easy to fake this. Also there would be a lot of reasons to fake this. Until more wreckage is found this really means nothing
@Lex - We've already heard from the Conspiracy Party thank you!
You might have heard from a lot of sources but until more of this plane is found the logic is sound. I personally believe the plane went down in the Indian Ocean. That said to have only one piece found.........that raises eyebrows.
As a matter of fact, it would be pretty difficult to "fake" a peace of an airplane with all its details, materials and serial numbers exactly matching those of the missing Malaysian 777.
They were no serial numbers matching this piece to the exact aircraft. The numbers you saw on TV were part numbers for that part and yes this part is used on the 777. That could have come out of some warehouse somewhere...No definite proof, as was mentioned by French officials, that this is actually part of the aircraft.
@Lexxstone... EVERY part on EVERY aircraft has a serial number engraved or otherwise permanently attached to it and it is traced for exactly this very purpose, to investigate what have happened in case of a crash or other failure.
You are confused...of course parts have serial numbers....as I have said. However this is not like DNA...there is no serial number on that part that proves it came from this particular aircraft.
@Lexx... There certainly WAS a serial number there when that part was put on the aircraft. There is a possibility that this part was damaged in such a way that the serial number was destroyed. Aircraft part numbers are definitely NOT like DNA, they're much better. Every part number is UNIQUE and every unique part number is being UNIQUELY traced to the aircraft where it is being installed together with its entire history (where and when this part was manufactured, inspected, installed and who have done it). This, however, is immaterial considering that this part is being used on ONLY ONE aircraft (Boeing 777) and that ONLY ONE Boeing 777 have possibly crashed in the South Hemisphere.
This puts to rest 1 of my theories - that it was stolen by the Taliban or some other terror group and was going to be used in a 9/11 style attack.
Don't tell me THEY'RE in the recycled organ business, too.
For the life of me I can't understand why so many resources have been wasted on this.
To the Flight MH 370 search team, it is a high time we started looking for the missing airline nearby the Island of Reunion.
@Haron - Absolutely not. The currents took that piece to the island over the last 500 days. It is probably fairly close to where they are currently searching.
Republicans did it to detract attention from the debates.
At least the Repubs have more than 1 choice- Dems trying to force Hillary on us.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: == The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
My sentiment still hopes that at the least they are just stranded in some unknown island. But the negative factor is the probability of the presence of cannibals brought by centuries of isolation .. hope not. Also the discovered part of the wreckage may have been just set up to archive this issue once and for all.
Well, maybe they should question the cast of Gilligan's Island and see if they've seen 239 people wandering around there lately.
ALL actors - Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ Biden is played by Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page, Obama by an ethnic indonesian with neither black nor white blood. Forged birth certificate to conceal he's Kenyan is only one among an endless array of "crimes" that Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation will "confess". Obama Biden alias Osama Bi(nla)den presidency comes to an end with the BIG BANG. »» big-bang-now.blogºspot -- /2014/03/
You really need to stop using drugs and drinking alcohol
Tin foils hats needed in Aisle 3!
I had my money on aliens....dang it!
Don't give up on the dream- this could be a 'false clue' by those clever devils to throw you off the trail.
"France stopped short of declaring they were certain" Well there's a surprise, not! I half expected them to surrender to Malaysia Airlines.
Mike - Vous sentez comme le boeuf et le fromage. ;-)
Did you mean "Où sont les toilettes?" Second most important French phrase to learn, after "Parlez-vous anglais?" ;-)
Wow! I can't believe I got that close enough for you to understand! I remembered that from a travel deck of cards when I was in elementary school.... quite some time ago. lol
OK, I'll guess.... does that mean "do you speak English?"?
Sorry, busy posting elsewhere. Yes, if you ever visit a foreign country you want to learn at least two phrases in the native language. The first being "Do you speak English?" ;-)
BTW, "Vous sentez comme le boeuf et le fromage" is a mild form of retort (response to an insult) meaning "You smell of beef and cheese." Nothing personal intended. ;-)
lol... thanks for the info :)
Oh for pete's sake - parts like that don't just fall off 777's! There is a grand total of one and only one missing 777 - MH370.
Obviously planted by the grey alien illuminati Bilderberg group.
Nonsense. The greys are the mean spirited neo facist nationalists- the green aliens are the internationalist supporters so they are the Bilderburger type.
Not a novel......... yes a flap-er-on and examined in Too Loose. Come on, SERIAL NUMBERS are on EVERYTHING and not hidden nor tiny.
Cunning USA very clever to crash plane, thus straining Chinese and Malaysian relations
So why would anyone think that Malaysia is a qualified source of information ?
True, but French doing the scientific analysis with reps from Boeing assisting so the Malaysians are just doing public relations.
The French are probably just saying what the Malaysians want them to. The Malaysians more than likely threatened the French and France, in keeping with their long history when being threatened, surrendered.
Fred - Vous sentez comme le boeuf et le fromage. ;-)
still sad story for saving friend relatives.
wonder how many more years this story is going to remain in the headlights. Guess it depends on if any news ever happens again lol.
Look at what happened with Air France Flight 447. They removed the first major wreckage and two bodies from the sea within five days of the accident but the aircraft's black boxes were not recovered from the ocean floor until nearly two years later.
What a strange flight! flying to bejing china plane ends up in the western center of the indian ocean.....the earth is bigger than you think....RIP poor passengers....'the plot thickens....
"Souls in oblivion " "Yes, it is a dead feather My son's distinctive hair." Says the sparrow father. It is really the flaperon, Let's put this to closure." Says he, the honorable. A heartless chancellor? He gives in to pressure? What about our souls?
That part had to be part of the plane else there is a 777 flying around with that part missing.
Let's hope it's off of Air Force One. And the next time Barry, Moochele, Granny and the rest of the tribe is onboard it goes down in a flaming ball from around 35,000 feet.
@Fred - If it does I hope the wreckage lands directly on you at your family reunion!
What millions of dollars and technology could not find - mother nature revealed so easily
None of those "experts" were from Malaysia I assume.....
Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 == end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ BIG BANG 2014, with a reversed Bible script: resurrection before crucifixion alias cruci-fiction. After the BIG BANG was postponed several times, it was scripted to finally start Easter Sunday 2014: Anti-Bible: Easter: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Being 777 result #1 when you add Osama Bin Laden and "Last Prophet" and let google solve the sum: end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
@MM - Time to Change Recreational Drugs!
Matt, I sure hope you are infertile so you can't produce any extremely brain damaged children like yourself to pollute the world
yep Obama Bin Laden did that ^__^
Too bad that flapron wasn't off of Air Force One and it smacked into the ocean with Sheik Barry onboard.
Once again, these numbnuts made a statement without any confirmation.
Would a part like that actually FLOAT in water? Looks like it had holes in the ends that would fill with water. Is the metal heavier than water? Seems like it should have just sunk to the bottom. Maybe it was PLACED there. Hmmm.
@Sn - Thank you conspiracy theory team, next up...!
now they have a huge vast expanse of ocean to search. won't be easy
No, they will now be able to take ocean current models and work backward to see if it is possible to determine where the debris started its journey. It won't be X marks the spot but it might, just might, confirm/deny the locations suggested by the satellite comms.
certainly that obvious but the area around Reunion is vastly larger than the Indian ocean where they were perviously searching
@Geoff ... ocean currents are powerful and wide ranging forces. The debris could easily move thousands of miles. We had debris from Japan's tsunami wash up on the US west coast.
Yes, this is from flight 370. There have been no other 777's that have crashed into the ocean. We do not need to wait for further tests.
The chinese HIJACKED THE FLIGHT. Yiu'll find the details on Youtube. The 20 American computer research scientists are no doubt under Red-chinese interrogation right now. see Youtube for the truth.
The proof that this is from 777 is based on assumption (only missing plane out there)....and we all know what happens when you "assume".....
WHAT GOOD will this do the 20 captive American scientists still in the hands of the Chinese hi-jackers ??_____probably still suffering interrogation ! Oh, you didn't know? !----well, you won't get the REAL news from the corrupt mainstream media----find the truth for yourself, on Youtube!
Booohoooohooo, That is sad, must be Yankees shot dat down, for more unspeakable reasons.
Why? Are they too deep and complicated for you to understand?
No, I've seen what they look like now.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Jerusalem: Carbon Copy of 911 2001: Obama Bin Laden resurrects from an ocean of discrepancies. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
China is going to punish the hell out of Malaysia and their citizens for this.