When Australia is done spending MILLIONS of dollars, my suggestion is to look in the Middle East. There is no debris in the sea, so look in or around the Middle East and then you might find the beast.
The way Mr. Abbot is looking out the car window you could add all kinds of comments to fit. Like 'look at all that rife raft out there.' Or a single word "peasants!'. Could be completely innocent. Like 'I hope that one clears up before they open the door'.
I think the plane is right where they last had verbal contact with it. I don,t believe it ever turned ariund, but rather crashed there in the ocean. They are looking in the wrong ocean
He must visit his brothers and sisters at Pudu Jail to "praise" them as he so proudly praised nounced the Japanese Fascsts which massacred thousands of Aussie solders defending Australia. Most Maaysians know tat Ausse knows more about MH 317 and 17 than it broadcast to deceit people. Aussie Abbott, having is Codwar mindset and close alliance the world's worst warmongers and praising the Fascsts as heroes, cannot simply be trusted by its own people let alone by the clear minded people such as Malaysians and others. Abbott's visit s to influence Malaysia to bend over to his stinky warmonger punk boss like tge kawless and corrupted PH does.
Save you trouble. Rendition (kidnapping) is legal thanks to Barry, Obama, Barrack, Hussein, pick a social security number, whatever his name is. Just check out Diego Garcia and never fly a Boeing aircraft again until renditions are illegal in the States.
NO SUCH PLANE EVEN EXISTED, THERE IS NO EVIDENCE FOR A SINGLE PASSENGER EXISTING, THERE IS NO EVIDENCE FOR A FLIGHT OR PASSENGER ALL FAKE.
Excellent why won't people believe us? No plane, no passengers, paid actors = HOAX
Sorry Jeff...I live in Beijing and have spoken to some of the people who lost family on the flight.
beigingyank, you spoke to, spoke to is now evidence, is that some stupid joke.
Hopefully, we won't see it again on Sept. 11, 2014.
want to know where that plane is? Water-board Barry
Wake up before ISIS is at your house. Muslim = Terrorist,
Abbott it will be better if you continue the invastigation with the mh17 and not with missing airplane. all the world waiting the official proof about shooted airplane.
Malaysia, they couldn't find their #$%$ with both hands