There's a big surprise, eh? Considering there were no unaccounted-for 777s in that part of the world - if anywhere. The plane crashed, all the people are gone. It would be nice to find the bulk of the wreck, but it is not necessary for closure for the families. What would be really useful would be to unravel the cause with some certainty - did someone on the crew cause the crash? And are there co-conspirators still out there?
Whenever an Aerspat... (which the French government owns a share) built plane crashes, they take the black box and download it without independent oversight. Can you trust them? How long did Toyota take to own up to their bad programming 100+ lives long. How about the bad key (some US car) that prevented airbags working during accidents - 100+ lives. Any one go to prison? Haha
If they are THAT CERTAIN, it's strange that it took that long to be that certain. Is it a month. There were no lab tests that needed time for the results. Looking at numbers and records and then covering up the bad maintenance and record-keeping? Or inventing records?
Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing. The page, published hours after the wing "discovery", also explained what the "inspection" will reveal. Both reduced to ONE line: Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 Unbelievable but true: worldwide NOBODY echoed the FULL story "two Malaysia Boeing 777", all staged with actors: - MH370 will resurface at Jerusalem's Temmple Mount, together woth Obama Bin Laden, exact remake of 9/11 with 4 fake airliners reduced to one fake ariliner, followed by Obama's full detonation as suicide bomber, launched with his staged arrest - exposed by Last Prophet 12 March 2014. - MH17 shot down in Ukraine, part of the arsenal of nazi agent playing "suicide bomber Putin", destroying Russia and Novorussia from within, before his full detonation, "fleeing"to Beijing. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Please tell me you don't own any guns.
France says wing part found on Reunion island definitely from MH370 -- It's official, that's what Admiral Wing Nut has confirmed.
This is of no interest to me. Next article please.
To express my opinion on the article.
Then it is at least of some interest to you, dolt.
LMAO ...Chaos .. your just practicing being a troll & POS .. Good Job
No Vistner, I am only interested in how much it disinterests me.
You are of no interest to us, GFY
Lancres3, yes I am, you said on here the other day that you and some others all agreed that I interest you. Are you denying that now?
This twit thinks ''disinterest' means not interested. It means "Impartial". You should see the junk he posted about turtles....
Good post, keep up the good work-I will have to check out the turtles.
Don't bogart that roach my friend, you don't know what you're talking about.
Not so Opmitist, disinterest has two meanings, one of which is "lack of interest in something." Google this fact. Oh, and check an English dictionary, not an American one, we all know you aren't used to using the language properly (through, colour, analyse, diarrhoea, etc). Please learn to speak our language properly or go back to speaking Navaho or something. Thank you.
Chaos got stung.....disinterest used in this fashion is a sloppy way of writing.... a sign of disorganized thought, a willing to throw any word at a sentence instead of the right one. He knows it, I know it, and the American people know it. Turtle troll.
It was me who said it, so how do you know what fashion I used it in? Are you a mind reader? Doubtful.
And when we chart the prevailing ocean currents we find the point of origin is DIEGO GARCIA Naval and CIA base?
Do you even put any thought into your statement/theory? I can poke a million holes in it without much thought. Like, why would they set the part adrift from a far away point? Given the unpredictability of currents there is only an very small chance it would wash up anyway and smaller still that it would be found. Also, what would CIA want from a Malaysian airline that they couldn't get through other, simpler means? At least put a little critical thought into your theories.
The true believer isn't looking for a logical answer. He's looking for targets to blame for the utter smallness of his life.
Just where do all you nut jobs come from ? I'm amazed, truly freaking amazed
There's not a whole lot of work that gets done in France during August.
NO SH... SHERLOCK.WHAT PLANE IS FLYING AROUND WITHOUT ONE.... JIMMINEYXMAS........
why did that take so long?
That was quick we are still waiting on the report now almost a year and half on the plane that went down in Ukraine-of course thats the Dutch which are slower than the French.
Now let’s go to the point where the wreckage happened. Follow the currents.
There was only ONE 777 missing. Every kid could have told that this is from the missing plane. And the world including Boeing needs one month to confirm this. GREATJOB.
It's not just checking the serial numbers, it's also ensuring that this wasn't a forgery or hoax.
remember folks, family members were watching & waiting, you wanna be the one to tell them it IS from the plane, then have to back track?
Like I told before ONLY ONE BIG PASSENGER PLANE WAS MISSING.TELLING BEING A HOAX IS ABSOLUTELY NUTS
Regardless of the circumstantial evidence, which was strong, proof is never certain until the forensics confirms it. Proof must not be just beyond a reasonable doubt, but to a scientific certainty; and now it is. To all those families waiting for such proof, my condolences on your losses.
History Major--But has it actually proven? Not the questions I have.
That was quick, how many months?
This was a question of engineering and science. not sure why a "prosecutor" (who probably took off the month of August) was involved or remotely helpful.
The legal system operates differently in different nations. In many nations what this article refers to as a "prosecutor" is more like a special government attorney whose job is to be sure that everything done is legally and procedurally correct, safeguarding the legal interests of all parties involved.
@DanS - Thanks for the clarification (seriously, as I always wondered what they did). However, my main point was, say, in the case of the Germanwings crash, the French Prosecutor came out within the same week confirming aspects around the crash. In this instance, it seemed very open and shut, and even Boeing said they could verify it quickly. This seemed to take a very long time to confirm, and it isn't clear why.
Al, I was merely explaining why a "prosecutor" was involved. I agree, it did seem to take an unusually long time to arrive at an answer that it would have seemed should have only taken a few days. And yes, you are correct that one factor was probably that the whole month of August is pretty much a mandatory vacation for most of France, especially government employees.
Lots of Airplane wings just floating around there? Genius it only took them 2 months to confirm it. No wonder they never found the wreck.
so sad for the families and loved ones- who would EVER believe this? a roll-out from some calendar of disinformation
Wonder who woke Rip Van Winkle
Well at least they didn't waste any time coming up with their verdict......
France declares fire ball in sky every morning is the SUN !!!!!!!!