The point of sending a fighter is to investigate the situation onboard an aircraft which has maneuvered in such a way as to make it suspect. Massive decompression could have caused the entire plane to be compromised. If it was a hijacking then the fighter could have shadowed the flight and ensure that KL did not have a 9/11 happen to them. If there was another issue someone could have signalled the fighter pilot in some manner. Instead they have spent far more time, money, resources along with a now failed reputation because of the logic described in the article. I have yet to read a compelling reason why transponders can be shut off in the first place, especially after 9/11.
Wow its unbelieveable how our Defense Minister thinks of our military's capability or it is just his personal opinion. Whether or not an unidentified flying object is deemed hostile or not is it not subject to our Military's standard operating procedure in handling UFOs??? How can one know just by viewing the radar that, since it is a commercial plane, it is not hostile??? Perhaps 911 happened before he was born. I guess we are going to have more UFOs flying into our airspace without having any problem as long as the UFOs are "commercial" in our radar. hahahahahaha!
It is a SOP for all Air Forces around the world to check and verify the unidentified aircraft by sending fighter jets if it does not respond to transponder or to any voice call. Top bosses of Air Force or CAA or the Defence minister know the secret or they had been bribed or threatened to keep quite about this air piracy (hijacking). The aircraft must have had some secret cargo or secret personnel on board, which some organization or country did not want to reach its intended destination. Those who had been told to keep quite about this air piracy may not necessarily know the type of cargo the flight had on board. Anyway, those who made propaganda that flight MH370 had landed smoothly in open ocean at night and sank smoothly to the bottom of the ocean are to be checked out first for involvement in this conspiracy. An aircraft like Boeing-777 can not land in an open ocean (specially at night) without breaking-off and shooting thousands of 'never-to-sink' debris in the ocean surface. Is there any Boeing 777 pilot give a demonstration at day time that he can land smoothly on Indian ocean without breaking his aircraft in to pieces? And why the pilots or the intended terrorists would want to land the aircraft smoothly in the open ocean at night? Did they want to practice night landing at night in the open ocean? Then where are the passengers?
The defence minister should explain....if the Malaysian Air Force already so certain that MH370 made a U-turn back to Malaysian airspace at 2 am and crossed over to Straits of Malacca, why were they doing search and rescue in the South China Sea that morning? I bet, they didn't even know what flew over the country that night other that it was a UFO, but didnt care to investigate, and then started making stories to cover up how badly they messed up an opportunity for an early confirmation of a disaster in a making.
Don't worry....plenty more planes where that one came from.
First question : Was the military aware at 2.00am on 8th March, 2014 that MH370 has deviated from the original course and was flying over the Malaysia Air Space? Second question : How did the Military determine that the aircraft was not hostile? Especially after 9/11 incident in the US and both Subang Air Control Tower and Ho Chi Minh Air Control Tower had lost contact of MH370. Sending a fighter jet to investigate is a basic defensive procedure. Just imagine if the aircraft had crashed into the KLCC twin towers in KL!!!! The Minister of defence is trying save his job by giving lame excuses. No sense of responsibility and accountability. 200 over lives were lost due to the military failing to act promptly and he still doesn't feel accountable. Sulu Invaders breached our borders in Sabah, he doesn't feel accountable. Kidnapperss breached our borders in Sabah, he doesn't feel accountable. Our submarines neither works in shallow water nor in deep waters and doesn't have search and rescue capabilities. He doesn't feel accountable. This is the mentality of our leaders.
In the first place, their comments are just plain stupid and reflected their incompetence / unqualified in their positions. But, when they put forward to spent BILLIONS in the name to upgrade the national security, am sure they will mentioned that " so that , we can intercept any foreign UFO flying over our airspace, be it hostile or not ". Another, just flip through the SOP for an UFO - is there, any separate procedure for hostile, or friendly ones !!! JUST PLAIN FOOLS talking through their #$%$. And LIARS ! .
if the Malaysian Air Force already aware that MH370 made a U-turn back to Malaysian airspace and crossed over to Straits of Malacca, why do you think they are searching the South China Sea that morning?
Mentality of Malaysian leaders same as 'leaders' of USA- no member of the government is ever held accountable for their actions.
Consider this: The duty officer (likely a lowly Lieutenant) at RMAF Butterworth AFB should have launched their alert fighters, but that would have probably meant launching a tanker to support/refuel the fighters. Those RMAF F/A-18D Hornets guzzle fuel in full afterburner, and when the B777 went low to fly under the radar, a protracted air search would have become necessary, with more fighters being launched to assist, and that would have cost a ton of money. Someone's career was on the line and they made the wrong choice. In my experience, it's very difficult to find a career military officer who is willing to make a difficult decision when clear written procedures lack specific direction. In this case, "Kick it up the Chain of Command" is the watch phrase with everyone in the chain praying the problem will go away/resolve itself. By time the problem is presented to a flag officer it's often too late -- as it was in this unfortunate case.
There is simply no excuse for the Malaysian military for being so incompetent. Malaysia stuff up big time on several fronts with this incident. The only other explanations is that they let this happen for reasons unknown or stuffed up big time by shooting the plane down and are covering up. But they have a former leader who is happy to blame others outside Malaysia like the aircraft manufacturer for no reason and no proof. Malaysia needs to stop ducking and weaving and accept a large degree of responsibility and issue apologies for their own incompetence and fess up with the truth.
there are actually excuses, or obvious reasons, for the Malaysians being incompetent military and civilian authorities.. What it should not be doing is acting like this guy and his friends did in this story last night.
I think part of what factors in, peripherally, is that Malays in particular do not like being answerable to white 'Sahibs" as they see them. Even when outrageously out of order, as in this case, they just will not accept having their homework corrected by whites, who they see as flashbacks to the colonial past , or possibly to any foreigners. That is the very reason why an abberrant individual like Mahathir, reponsible for the stupid comments about Boeing being to blame, was PM, and a popular one, for a long time. Mahathir disrespected the local Chinese, disrespected and insulted white countries especially Australia, and was always good for a nutbag Jewish conspiracy theory about 'Dem Jews always keepin' us muslims down". It's about political maturity. It's still a long way off in countries like Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines...
this guy is beyond incredible...I saw this 4-corners program last night, when asked why he did not send up a fighter jet, he smiles as though to actually mock the reporter, and says 'why would you scramble fighters, except to shoot it down??? " the reporter asks , a little dumbly and letting him off the hook "well, in the US they would send up a fighter jet.." this guy 'In America, they would shoot it down!! " So we are kind of back to the original question, why not send a fighter JUST TO INVESTIGATE ?
Well, he's just trying to save his backside. His response is typical of Malaysian ministers who don't have the right grey matter upstairs. He knows the fault is his and the defence department. From top to bottom, most civil servants in Malaysia are not qualified to do a decent job anyway. The Defence Minister thinks the whole world is as dumb as him. All he had to do was apologize for the mistakes and move on. By being arrogant, the problems will only perpetuate and cause him (and the political party) greater embarrassment.
common everyone knows that if you send a fighter jet up you must shoot something down.
You can send fighters to go up and look around without giving the kill order. A plane veered off course with zero means of communications. It doesn't mean it's hostile, it might mean some trouble onboard and figther plane flying side by side might help. Also, why are you giving your pilots the shoot down order when no one knows what is happening? Shouldn't you check whether it is a hostile plane first and then consider your next actions? There was that plane crash in Greece when everyone onboard were put to sleep by faulty oxygen tank/valve. Greece sent F-16s to investigate when the plane went off course. They didn't chase it with guns blazing. They went up there for a look and saw everyone was out of action. As always in Malaysian culture, they always 'ungkit' the worst case scenario to stiffle any complaints. The international community have learned the mistakes of Flight 007 brought down by Russian interceptors. If Malaysian leaders think it will be repeated all over again as if no one learned from mistakes, Greece beg to differ in their particular case.
I still can't believe a 777 can just vanish and not be found in this world today. OMG , it just blows my mind. This whole mess smells. I don't know what , where or how all this happened , but I bet we will find out in the future , resulting in a big bang. I still think it's in Pakistan , or general area. But hell , everyone has a theory . But the Malaysia authorities are the biggest joke I have seen that's one thing the World is sure of.
Malaysia just making dumb excuses. It wouldn't have been shot down unless it was a threat to a populated area, and jets would just have followed it to make sure that didn't happen; it wouldn't have been shot down just because it was heading out over the open ocean. They should be sorry they didn't send jets to investigate because there would be a very different outcome for everyone involved if they had, not the least of which is that we would now know where it is; instead, they try to justify their idiocy.
What a totally ridiculous response by the Malaysia's defense minister when he defended his military's failure to scramble a fighter jet to follow a Malaysian airliner when it veered off course and vanished two months ago, saying it wasn't seen as a hostile aircraft. Just as criminally negligent in the Malaysian ATC not executing an EMERGENCY transmission on the 121.5 VHF frequency and the HF Emergency frequency, when KL Radar and Ho Chi Minh City ATC began their questioning on why MH 370 did not verbally contact HCM ATC although their transponder radar showed them over the fix within HCM FIR and the transponder code subsequent disappearance. Even considering lost communication and a failed transponder coincidence and nothing nefarious, MH370 would have continued on its scheduled flight plan route to Beijing, which would have generated a response from the various countries ATC and military facilites enroute. Nine (9) minutes of ATC exchanges should have included the Malaysian military which would have changed the later "non-hostile" radar return on the Primary radar to an aircraft now far off its scheduled flight plan routing and not answering communication attempts by either ATC. What does "Lost Communication" procedures state under ICAO regulations? What does the ICAO procedures call for when an aircraft is overdue by 30-minutes...and not just at destination. So the Malaysian military did not think it reasonable to send a fighter up to investigate this radar return based on "what would you expect us to do...shoot it down?" Where does such ignorance come from? The fighter intercept would first discover if anyone in the cockpit would respond to ICAO International Signals without use of verbal communications. It would have signaled "we have an airliner, a B777 with Malaysian Airline markings flying an indeterminate course," and most of all, with the Malaysian use of the EMERGENCY frequency, the military intercept would have known that a possible hijacking was in progress. Or that the pilots were not responding to their signals regardless of the darkness (thats what fighter can use their external lights for). Four (4) hours lapsed before the Malaysian ATC/government/military recognized that MH370 was in distress for whatever reason and that is criminal negligence and possible charges of what may result to be involuntary manslaughter due to their clear violation of ICAO standard Emergency protocols in a proscribed time as called for.
absolutely , they are responsible and should have done better .
this is Malaysian politicians at their best.
So in plain english you are telling me he or they are criminally responsible due to negligence?
What a #$%$ cop out. The last time I checked a plane is supposed to follow a flight path from point A to point B. If it veers off of that then there is a problem. Talk to the United States about a commercial jet not being hostile. That is and was the dumbest response to a group of people that are absolutely incompetent. Somebody in there PR department needs to tell everybody over there in Malaysia just don't even open your mouth anymore cause every time u do it just makes u look even more at fault with this than what people already think u are.
AND hell, this moron they termed as of premiership qualities !!! LOL, my #$%$ ! .
"Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 became invisible to civilian radar when its transponder stopped transmitting during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8" It didn't become "invisible", it just didn't send all of its identifying information. The radar was still receiving returns from the plane. "it wasn't seen as a hostile object." The Malaysians must have a completely different definition of a "hostile" object than the rest of the world. Any aircraft that isn't transmitting its IFF data is routinely investigated. That's kind of why they call the data "Identify friend or foe". These guys are making an artform out of incompetence.
Any flight, regardless of iff returns, would be suspected of bieng a hostile aircraft spoofing IFF codes if it wasn't part of a pre-designated flight plan.
if a plane changes its course then should be questions asked by the military , where its going and why ? consider everything ..... haven't these guys learn something ?
North of IGARI is Vietnamese airspace. MH370 logged in its ADS-C via a transponder code with Ho Chi Minh at IGARI and was tracked by transponder to BITOD.
this joker malay hishamuddin the defense minister every time he opens his mouth is to put his other foot in. seriously, Malaysian radar can distinguish between friendly and un friendly aircraft? every country I know would scramble jets to find out if there was something wrong. not the lazy malays. they are too busy sleeping. the Malaysian armed forces only work from 8am-5pm. during the month of ramadhan they don't work at all. the Malaysian government is an embarrassment and the malay race. but then again the malays really can't figure it out.
Hishamuddin Husseimn is the acting Transport Minister and to be fair to him he actually denied that air force radar tracked MH370 flying west on day 4 of the search and also denied as baseless the claim the cell phone of MH370's co-pilot made contact with a cell tower in Penang. You need to read between the lines here that Hishamuddin is continually being overruled by Najib Razak and told what he is allowed to say.
apologies I made a typo...Hishamuddin Hussein
when you say najib, you mean his wife.
@ Simon that's a pack of #$%$,if that's the truth then that solidifies their bumbling and incompetence
Maybe the jet fighter would have followed the aircraft a little and we'd actually know what happened to it!
Who said anything about shooting it down? A commercial airline can't be hostile? Remember 911?
A commercial airline veers off course, goes up x amount of miles then goes down x amount of miles flys off radar- Yeah lets not think there is a problem enough to have a fighter plane etc check it out! This is nonsense and Malaysia knows probably exactly where this plane is and do not want it found! Try looking on land in all remote areas instead of the sea is a good start! If it did go down in the ocean its not near Australia and the reason they put others on a goose chase is they do not want it found!
Yea, look here, look there, look on Mt. Everest, or Tehran... maybe Cairo or Pakistan... maybe the aliens took it... why don't people just let the professionals do their job. There is not one of us, myself included that knows any more of the facts and truth than what we have read on the "tried and true truthful internet" or liberal rags....
If they were so called "professionals" don't you think they would have done their job properly by now ...geesh it's been almost three months
As the Malaysian Defense Minister, Hishammuddin should be thoroughly familiar with the strict rules and procedures hat must be followed by the military when it comes to the use of radar to detect, track, identify and alert the authorities when a threat is obvious. I want this Defense Minister to quoste the specific operational procedures and protocol that the troops must follow when an unidentified object is detected. Just remember that the plane disappeared from civilian radar and all communications were lost so I suggest someone come up with a good reason for concluding that the radar blip is the lost plane when it was never identified in the first place?
why does he have to answer to you? if you want those details do your own research and find the facts yourself. Maybe you'll discover your own answers instead of expecting someone else to do it for you.
Nah, I think he will be forced to give me the answer like it or not!
...exactly ! A radar blip did not tell them what the plane was or where it came from. I am wondering whether there ever was a radar blip on this plane....or, if there was, then all the Malaysia Air people, the authorities and its military already knew this plane was going to go off course.
Cathy, it seems there was a blip because it also appeared on Thailand's military radar. The plane actually took two hours to cross the Malaysian peninsula so there was plenty of time to find it. This lack of action and dereliction of duty to protect Malaysian airspace is on top of the Defense Minister's head.
Does it not occur to anybody that possibly the reason there was no scramble was because MH370 never flew west over the Malay peninsula and therefore there was no threat?
The entire discussion below is to convince people that we can make flying as close as possible to being crash proof or zero risk. The two prototype Jumbo Jets with the LES safety feature (described below) that will survive mechanical failures, anomalous fatal wind shifts/patterns/microbursts, structural failure, pilot error/suicide/terrorism, a bomb attack (due to its compartmentalization features ), and marketed/advertised as crash proof planes ( in comparison to the present jumbo jets ) can only be afforded by the upper middle class, just like only the wealthy being able to afford the very first commercial flight in America in 1914. A typical luxury suite on the Queen Mary 2 cruise trip is $18,000 per person and yet those suites are in demand, so similarly, if the two prototype LES Jets are marketed/advertised as crash proof planes ( in comparison to the present planes), there will be a great demand for such planes, even though the ticket prices might be three or four times the present amount and just as the very first commercial flight was only afforded by the wealthy, over time, ticket prices for the LES safety Jet should come down dramatically. The following is only for those who believe that planes do crash, even though the risk of crashing is miniscule and for those who believe, that the planes that they will fly in for the rest of their lives will never crash, please do not read beyond this point, thanks. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ADD or who cannot get through even one page of a book, I am sorry the post is long. Copy and paste this post in your computer's notepad file under the title " two prototype LES Jets" and then try reading a few sentences a day and before long, you would have got through to the end. For those who say we can never "guarantee" a safe flight, I say we cannot guarantee a safe car ride either, so does that mean we get rid of safety belts or not try to improve car safety ? People should be given the choice to still fly the same way and for those who can afford it, the two prototype LES Jets discussed below will guarantee ( statistically speaking) a safe flight , even under a bomb attack. For those who don't want the LES safety feature because its acceptable for your loved ones to be exposed to the miniscule risk of a plane crash , since flying is safe and risk is miniscule, please do not read beyond this point. But for those who are not happy with plane crashes and for those whose family members and loved ones were involved in plane crashes and for those who think flying is not safe enough for those involved in plane crashes, read on but also remember, people should still be given a choice. Boeing should keep manufacturing the regular jumbos jets and at the same time ( through heavy investments by world governments) Boeing should also manufacture ( just ) two prototype jumbo jets with the LES safety feature described below that only upper middle class passengers can afford and also, the two prototype LES featured Boeing Jets will also be for those who save up their money over years since flying is not essential these days due to video conferencing over the internet that makes flying not a necessity. Since people are willing to pay $200,000 per ticket (500 tickets sold in 2012) for a Virgin Galactic space flight , I am pretty sure tickets on the two LES featured prototype Boeing Jets will be sold out, especially if the ticket prices are just three or four times the present amount and if the two LES planes are marketed as bomb proof and for those who want to fly cheap, Boeing can continue with the usual "status quo" cheap flights for those who don't mind a plane that does not have the LES safety feature. The discussion below is only meant for those who want to have a much safer flight by paying as much as three or even four times the present ticket price by guaranteeing you or your loved ones will survive a bomb attack on your flight. Remember, the first commercial flight (on 1/1/14) was 21 miles from St. Petersburg and Tampa and cost the wealthy passenger (Abram Pheil) $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated on the two prototype Boeing Jets. The whole discussion can be summed up in one sentence: World governments should invest heavily in Boeing to conduct feasibility studies on the next generation of a scalable prototype of a launch escape system ( LES) that proved to be effective as early as 1983 and safety technology has greatly improved over the past thirty years since 1983 ( the last time a LES was successfully used ). Search google under patents approved : US20110233341 ( the patent is not comprehensive so further patents will have to be issued to Boeing if Boeing decides to proceed with the LES project ). I am pretty sure that those who wanted to go to the moon were called dumb and their ideas were considered dumber so considering the skeptics regarding the first moon landing project, the lesson to be learned is "nothing beats a failure but a try", especially considering the fact that our space technology has advanced in the past 45 years since man first stood on the moon. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the safety measures listed below are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air (keeping the cost down ) plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so air travel will not be a necessity and in the future, hyper-speed ground transportation in six-seat, bombproof, bullet capsules using magnetic levitation in steel tubes called a Hyperloop might be a better alternative to air travel as envisioned by Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Remember, the first commercial flight by the very first passenger was 21 miles and cost $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below (on two prototype Boeing Jets) are incorporated. Its easy to say that corporations make safe products until you or your loved ones are a victim of a preventable fatality that the corporation could have prevented with a product that cost three or four times more due to the added safety features ( listed below ). I rather pay three or four times more if I knew that the product is safer than safe because I do not wish anybody being buried alive and dying a slow excruciating death due to freezing temperatures or being burned alive if, that death could have been prevented with added safety features that made the product cost three or four times more. The question you have to ask is, is money more important to you than life itself ? I really do not know what it is like to see the trembling little hands of babies and kids, trying to reach out to their moms (for help ) while being in total darkness and in excruciating pain from being drowned alive or being burned alive. I rather spend $4000 on a ticket than pay $1000 on a ticket and in saving money, I see my loved ones perish before my very eyes knowing that her life might have been saved if I had paid more money for added safety features. Since Boeing cannot guarantee your safety or the safety of your loved ones , world governments should invest heavily in Boeing to do feasibility studies on the economics of making planes even safer using the latest LES (launch escape systems). The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, world governments should invest heavily in Boeing on the next generation of LES whereby TWO PROTOTYPE LES JUMBO JETS WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING FEATURES: an autonomous, robotic, triple redundancy, three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional picture of the area around the plane ) triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic indicator system that automatically cuts off all engines, strategically placed detonation devices breaks up the plane into four parachute equipped pieces ( the cockpit section, the tail section and the rest of the plane is split right down the middle ), in order to release four seater escape pods that are bombproof, floatable, pressurized, four-seat ejection pods (having their own collision avoidance system) that are ejected out of the plane while the collision avoidance system operates thrusters that prevent the pods from being knocked by the plane or other ejection pods in mid-air before deploying the parachutes. Other safety measures at each service interval should include an empty plane on a moving platform, going through a gigantic chamber equipped with x-rays, sonar and lasers to detect any structural defects or stress and each plane should be equipped with its own radar system and counter measures to avoid microburst formations, small meteorites, other small planes and man-made missiles. @TruthMonger, illegal immigrants are willing to risk their lives getting here and in turn those immigrants
Wes, it starts with a dream
Only a fool would book a ticket on a Malaysian Airline plane. This is a pirate territory. Fly over and flush.
The more Malaysian Ministers speak, the more they embarrass their country.
Really? Do people really think any military will scramble to help them if they are in a crippled airliner? When two-engine airplanes were first permitted to fly passengers across oceans, there were extensive rescue assets to watch over them in remote places. The airlines helped pay for these remote assets that were rarely used. But now they have shut down most of them, at the same time the military cut back or ended their rescue bases, not much left now. Safety has again taken a back-seat to profits at the airlines. When things go wrong you have a few pilots up front to keep you safe. The airlines have cut pilot training on aircraft systems. The U.S. is considering the Multi-Pilot-License that allows unqualified pilots to replace qualified pilots in the cockpit on long flights. A world-wide shortage of pilots has arrived because few people want to work so hard for so little pay. Enjoy your cheap flight.
"Safety has again taken a back-seat to profits at the airlines.... Enjoy your cheap flight." ... You think flying is cheap? I sure do not.
sahortage of pilots i have my doubts ,i know of a pilot in trhe states qualified on the 737 and ex raf flkying instructor that has been trying to get a better job as a pilot, duye to the very poor pay on small american airlinesand some stupid faa regs
Inspector... Oh, where to start. There are 95k flights globally per day. How many fatal crashes (or even those with serious injuries)? What is the "real" safety issue here, and at what cost? How have accident rates changed in the past several years? When you look at the sheer number of flights - and consider a fair amount of those are occurring in third world countries, old planes, etc - I don't see where your issues stack up here.
No more communication of any kind and a drastic course change plus altitude changes should have triggered a pretty extensive investigation. Or in that part of the world do they just fly around willie nillie until they find something they recognize. It's a shame to lose these people because of these dumb mistakes.
Plane veers of course, transponder and acars systems are shut down, the alarm is not raised ? Why was this not done? The Military had they known would have scrambled a couple of fighter jets to investigate. Stupidity and nonchalance knows no bounds, Malaysia's Transport Minister in his remarks is proof of that.
I wonder what his response would be if that plane had been purposefully crashed into a major downtown area by hijackers...just like on 9/11?? Wonder if he would be singing the same tune; stupid, stupid and more stupid. You would think the world would have learned something from that.
This is absolute nonsense. It should have been investigated regardless. If it was terrorists with no transponder signal, it could have done a lot of damage. This shows terrorists they can fly over Malaysia unimpeded to their destination. There is no way to know who is piloting the plane or what its intentions are without having a looksee.
Malaysian military needs some expertise from Singapore! As usual!!
The government of Malaysia has a long record of lying through its teeth every time it finds itself in a jam. The missing plane and the accompanying tissue of lies and trickery is only just one example. When some very high apartment blocks suddenly collapsed, it bribed the builder to claim that the collapse was due to an earthquake but that was just so much baloney. There was no earth tremor. The real reason was shoddy materials and workmanship. Malaysia is a tin pot, massively corrupt and third-going-on-fourth world nation and that isn't going to change any time soon.
I think also in your way..you are right..
David I was in Kuala Lumpur when the Highland Tower collapsed. There were no cover-ups by the Malaysian Government and no reports of any earthquakes. Don't be an imbecile. Get your facts right..
The earth tremoured when the Tower collapsed. Does that sound better? Makes sense :)
I never heard of the the Highland Tower collapsed blame was the earthquake...where report did you get?
It's pretty obvious that there is rampant incompetence at every level in Malaysia's system. There doesn't appear to have been anything remotely coming close to professionalism by the civil air or military of that country. The Defense Minister should just resign and quit talking.
that is a very sound thought....
In Japan he would have the decency to resign.
Oh, it wasn't hostile? Guess it's okay for Malaysian planes to fly around however they want, wherever they want, whenever they want..
....and without communications. With two fake passports on board.
Is this the same tracking they mentioned months ago, or are they just releasing new info? If it is new info then they should look into it to see in what direction the plane went.
One person said its assume that the flight ended and u should now believe whatever we say,another said we will search till hell freezes over,another said breaking news,ping found, so whats the conclusion?
Actually they couldn't find the keys to the fighter.
Sounds like the Malaysian government does not want to find the aircraft and is doing everything possible to hinder the search.
It wasn't about shooting it down. What an ignorant response.
1)When in doubt, just relax and everything will be fine. 2)When pestered for information, just deny everything 3)When all else fails, just go back to business as usual. These guys are just monkeys with glasses, that's how they run their industries and country alike.
With this new round of BS from Malaysian officialdom, I am beginning to think they prefer we think them stupid than to ever know what they are really guilty of.
So... why did Mr. HashPuddin deem the flight as "Non Hostile"? It could be no other reason than a hunch or to assume that it wasn't. Surely Mr. HashPuddin knows of the tragedy of 9-11 in the US and this commercial aircraft presented similar components to that tragedy.
WesZ - he was right - it wasn't hostile. So, the government had taken a risk assessment, and in this case was correct.
...just because it was a commercial flight does not mean it was not hostile. Ask New York.
Why not just admit to the fact that the plane flew away and they have no idea where.
John, that is pretty much it in a nut shell.
Do you know Malaysia had spent billions of dollars buying military hardware from developed countrires like France that did not work - the submarine cannot be deployed for sea search. Probably, surface to air-missles and the jets do not work too. So, its really shame on corrupt military deals where you people may know who was the then Defense Minister of Malaysia.
''where you people may know who was the then Defense Minister of Malaysia.'' -what does this mean?
This new official response has got to be the most idiotic to date. Just because a jet is commercial is irrelevant because the issue is why would a jet veer off course the way it did with its own transponders turned off. Such suspicious flying should be sufficient to send up planes to investigate and pursue. No one said they had to shoot the wayward jet.
All the more reason to boycott Malaysian Airlines.
We knew their leadership was stupid and every new statement from them confirms it.
I lost interest in this story when they couldn't find it after the first week. - Either it didn't exist in the first place, or it was shot down by one of the surrounding nations that just doesn't want to admit it..
...or you have a short attention span and like ADHD thoughts that get lost in the transfer from conscious to sub conscious.....
mr. defense minister: u dont scramble the air forece to shoot down an unidentified plane. u send the plane to IDENTIFY the plane violating your airspace and THEN determine whether to shoot it or not, at least this is what happens in the civilised world.
It wouldn't have done any good. The Malaysian military is no match for the langoliers.
In our post 911 world, the reality is no sane country is going to let a rogue airliner flying at differing altitudes and making unscheduled turns stay in the air. This was a rogue airliner. Face it, folks. It was shot down. If not by Malaysia itself, then by a neighbor.
Some of the NORAD pilots who were sent up on 9/11 have complained that not enough has changed in terms of communication between themselves and the FAA.Which means they would still be vulnerable to a similar attack.
Are we counting on the Malaysian govt to do anything reasonable? This is as corrupt and lawless as a govt can be. Of course they wouldn't have scrambled any jets... there's no bribery for the govt officials in that. I think the morons are still blaming Boeing!
Okay maybe I'll give you that one but you screwed up left and right on everything else in the investigation. Of course what else would you expect from a place like that?
Back up a little,.. MH370 flew out of Malaysian airspace once it passed IGARI. The problem began when Ho Chi Minh lost MH370 off radar at BITOD. Ho Chi Minh asked JAL750 and MH088 to try and contact MH370 which they succeeded. A US Navy radio listening station VTBU Rayong in Thailand heard an exchange in which MH370 wanted to make an immediate landing because their cabin faced disintegration. The Malaysian Government has muzzled the crew of MH088 from speaking publicly about MH370's distress call. that is the real crime.
.....was this before or after the plane lost communications?
Cathy: Not sure about that but definitely before Simon woke up from his sleep.
Simon the resident troll making up bullshlt since 2010
""If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked." Fighter jets are also sent up to check for damage to the aircraft and attempt to communicate with the pilots via hand signals. There have been a couple of cases of high-altitude decompression in the cockpit that was diagnosed as a probable cause by fighter jet pilots based on ice formed on the inside of the windows.
After, more than 2 months , another story to tell. Perpetual liar. It's just sheer incompetence, or something real sinister !. Nothing else. BTW, the comments, remarks from these people ( worst, top officials ) already reflected their " low-mentality / incompetence " to be in their positions.
You can not defend Stupidity. This aircraft was in trouble right from the time it left the run way and took a heading which was not on the Filed Flight Plan.
"Asuad said media reports that his sister Faizah and her children had left Zaharie hours before the flight were false." What a surprise, another "fact" about MH370 that turns out to be false. Who manufactured and released all this false information? Why?
.......almost makes you think a lot of people knew in advance, doesn't it?
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16, 2014 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- A new study released by the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) finds that providing education, health care, law enforcement, and social and government services to Hispanic illegal aliens and their dependents costs California, Arizona and Texas taxpayers $12.1 billion a year – an increase of some $3 billion since 2010. These costs – that do not include federal outlays – amount to a $1,197 a year burden per household headed by a U.S. citizen.
Court Marshall the Chief of Air Force and all the staff in the military air force tower at Butterworth, Penang. Only by doing so can Hishamuddin absolve himself!
State of the art military base at Diego Garcia with defense systems designed to protect against air threats did not see a B777 on their radar screens? Yeah...right. I think they shot it down.
Wow. People fast and furiously condemning Malaysia for all these failures of scrambling jets when we had planes in the air and nothing was done to inform them after the first impact at the WTC and NORAD was still at "normal" response until after the Pentagon strike. Then we responded, but thanks to the passengers of Flight 93, by then it was too late. Now what strikes you as greater incompetence? I get folks concern and agree that the Malaysian govt has been less than transparent and entirely competent, but seems like we are the pot calling the kettle black when it comes to criticism on this account.
smolleyj, You are overlooking the use of a hi-jacked plane(airliner) is now known that it can be used as a destructive device. And if this 777 is NOT at the bottom of the ocean - When, Where will it reappear and for What reason? It appears that Malaysia is not trying very hard to confirm where this plane is.
It's at the bottom of the ocean... This conspiracy theory stuff is getting really old.
Commenter If your so sure of that then You tell all of us exactly where it is.. Factual information is not a conspiracy theory. What part of the known factual information do you disagree with.
admit it, your country ain't nothing but a '3rd World banana (I can even call yours a republic) country.
I would agree to an extent.However,in the case of 9/11 the jets did scramble.The problem was identifying where to send the jets because they were not entirely sure where AA11 was.It appeared to go on and off the radar. In each case of the 9/11 flights the FAA had to identify if the planes were really hijacked.That took time as pilots sometimes don't immediately respond.There were approx 20+ false alarms on 9/11 due to pilots not responding or going slightly off course. The FAA then have to clear airspace for the jets.When you look at the times from when the FAA contacted NORAD with confirmation,to the point of each plane crashing,there was only a couple of minutes to respond,and in one case the plane had already crashed.
larry, I don't think there are many facts available. There is a lot of credible evidence, and some less than credible evidence. I don't know for sure its at the bottom of the ocean, but there's only two alternatives: 1) it crashed on land, or it was safely landed and somehow disappeared. Both of these scenarios seem unlikely, very unlikely. If it crashed, it must have been in an unpopulated area that had little RADAR coverage. Why would anyone choose to do that? If it happened but not by choice, it seems highly unlikely since they were last seen over the ocean and there is far more ocean than there is land. If someone landed it, where did they land? They'd need an absolute minimum of a 1 mile runway that was properly maintained, lighted, and possibly with ILS. There would have to be a huge conspiracy to cover up the flight and landing as people on the ground would have to know it landed. They'd then have to supply a quarter million dollars of jet fuel for it to take off again -- again, without raising suspicion. They would have almost certainly flown through multiple military and civilian RADARS who either somehow didn't see something as big as a 777 or were in on the conspiracy. And lastly what happened to the passengers? Presumably they are all dead, but it would be very difficult for a hijacker (or small group of hijackers) to kill all the passengers while still on the aircraft without risking damage to the aircraft. So the hijacker would have to convince the passengers not to resist until they landed at which point they were killed. But the hijackers would also have to have been successful at sequestering all cell phone usage as its a virtual certainty a live hostage would have attempted to use a cell phone to communicate with the ground. And then there's the fact that even after KNOWING something happened to the plane, the authorities investigated everyone on board and cannot find any evidence in any of the passenger's backgrounds that there was a conspiracy to hijack the aircraft. So yeah, that leads me to believe its in the ocean (especially when you factor in the INMARSAT tracks and the claims that the pingers were heard).
"absolute minimum of a 1 mile runway." try, not safe but doable. 3500 ft long with 500 ft approach over 50 ft clearance with 100 ft wide runway with 200 ft clearance both side sides. "hijacker would have to convince the passengers not to resist until they landed" this scenario. How did the passengers know the plane was hijacked? "hijackers would also have to have been successful at sequestering all cell phone usage" this scenario Co-pilot's cell phone did make contact, passengers cell phones, see previous scenario. "possible damage to aircraft" A hi-jack itself creates a great possibility of damage.
Steve 1) Anyone landing in less than 1 mile would have to be a highly experienced pilot (i.e. one of the actual pilots) and landing near sea level. A hijacker, not a chance. Even the pilots would be uncomfortable attempting it. 2) If the hijackers were anyone other than the pilots themselves it seems pretty obvious the passengers would notice something wrong. Even if it was the pilots, someone on the plane would surely notice something... Perhaps they turned on a GPS unit (or even had a compass) and noticed they were off course, or let's say they looked out the left window and saw the sun. They were flying northbound and as the sun rose it should be out the right window. They may have recognized (or not recognized ) the coast line or lack thereof, or the terrain. It'd only take one person to realize they were off course and then start yelling about it. The flight attendants, very likely had flown the route before and again would be very likely to know something was wrong. They could alert the passengers. There were 237 people on the plane (besides the two pilots) the chances of no one noticing anything seems quite low. A sudden descent is very noticeable. 3) Cell phones did not make contact. If they were hijacked and flew within range of a cell tower you better believe someone would have called or sent a text -- absolutely for certain they would have once they landed, if there was cell service when they landed. 4) Pointing a gun at the pilot's head and say: "Fly to " is not a possibility of damage. Shooting people in an aircraft is. Again, how do you subjugate 239 people who think their lives depend on stopping you without damaging the aircraft. That's my point. It's really freaking difficult. In the case of the 9/11 hijacking, the hijackers (despite there being 4 or 5 of them) were completely unsuccessful. They flew the aircraft into the ground because they knew that if the passengers resisted there was no way they could make it to their destination. Why is it so hard for people to accept that the most reasonable explanation (there was a mechanical problem or fire or something like that) aboard the aircraft and the aircraft crashed into the ocean is correct?
commenter, 1. experienced pilot 2. GPS requires 3 satellite's? sun at night? if going north? 3. cell phones is to explained - why only the co-pilot's? 4. explain no Mayday with even the co-pilots phone? All I'm saying is: "There sure is a lot of loose ends and tight security on what data is to be released"
What conclusive evidence the Malay have that their military radar did pick up flight MH370 and how accurate is Inmarsat in concluding the final resting place of MH370? If you want to be scientific back up your hypotheses with facts then reasoning.
what the malaysian official know is eat, sleep, enjoy life with few wives, bribe by those rich chinese businessmen, and do not know how to run the country, Next boast their islam to abuse other religion,
It's the facts. Better believed it.
Totally speechless of the reason from Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein. What an idiot this guy is!
Still no explanation: the plane was tracked by Malaysian military radar, by Thai military radar but not by Indonesian though calculated plane directory crossing North Indonesian Sumatra.
Indonesian radar - ask the Indonesians why they might have been sleeping on the job.
They can ramble on all they care too. I will not be convinced of the planes fate until I see the remains. So far a I can see they plane probably was see as hostile and shot down. I not absolute that is the case although I do see it as the largest possibility.
Malaysia has been playing dumb from day one and are still playing dumb. "We don't know anything". That is their best way out of this mess. I am willing to bet they have lost a lot of business over this. It was a terroist attck by the suicidal pilot. How do you explain that?
They will not release accurate info. , too many "inside jobs" with abductions in Malaysia. If it is an inside job & an abduction, I'm sure Malaysia won't disclose if ransom has been demanded. Many Abductors don't normally call for ransoms anyway. May God bless those innocent people & their suffering relatives.
Defense Minister Hishammuddin should be fired for incompetence then charged for the crime of causing the loss of MH370 and the deaths of 239 passengers. The PM has already declared them dead.
....you are just looking to blame..... and you do not even know all the truth or all the facts.
Are y'all still on about this Garbage? Some alien in a million years likely will find it's fossilized remains encased in rocks from the old Indian Ocean seabed!
I'm surprise that they all on this airplane with 239 people that can't be found? Please stop pointing fingers at each other? Lets give it a rest and wish in the years to come they find the airplane and really what happen to the poor 239 and the airplane, Let the family rest there minds to this mess.
I keep telling you to look at Travolta's house in his airplane hangar. He and Cruise commandeered if for the Scientologists. They needed new members to exploit.
NO MARINE RADAR...there are other, often more intelligent and ecologically significant/valuable species than humans to consider. So what, a few hundred humans of 7B died. No need to make the rest of life suffer because we grieve. Especially cetaceans are negatively effected by military radar...stop it! We're not worth it.
"The plane was deemed commercial and not hostile.....". ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Yes, he can said that now the plane is nowhere to be found. What if the plane was hijacked by some nutcases & crashed into the twin towers at yhat time like 9/11? What would he and/or the Malaysian Airforce said then? Conclusion: Incompetant is incompetant. No excuse for that. The more you try to explain, the more it shows your failure. In S. Korea or Japan, the minister in charge would have to tender his / her resignation in shame. Period.
They were probably at the mosque praying for the fall of the west, and didn't have time to take care of their responsibilities.
Why did a plane turn around close to Buffalo, NY and fly undetected the whole way back to NYC? Do you really think military radar did not detect it and choose to ignore? The spokesman for Malaysia is right on in saying it was not hostile and they were not going to shoot it down. There was no action that could have been taken once it was in the air to bring about a better outcome (maybe location), but the flight left Malaysian airspace before it went down, so even then they could not have followed.
@steve, perhaps he is lying just to cover up the fact that it was indeed shot down.
pb, that would be an awful elaborate lie. Is Inmarsat in on this?
You'd have thought that, at the very least, they would have been just a little curious to find out why a commercial airliner veered off course 180 DEGREES or something. Log the intercept as a training flight if you have to, just send them up.
Malaysia has not been prepared for anything like this. They are confusing, lost and blaming something else without any evidence. Poor country!
and you should move there soon..
I think maybe the personnel on duty were asleep at their desks. It was after midnight when all this happened. That's why there was such a delay. They had to finish their naps, and when they woke up, they realized the plane was no longer transmitting with its transponder! :-)
You will see Flight 370 one more time when it flys into another building in another terrorist attack, Who ever was controlling the plane tried to hard to disappear on radar, It did not crash, You will all see it one more time. I just hope the US Air force keeps an eye open for it crossing into our air space.
fool, its the yanks that are doing the plane crashing
commenter----I don't think so. Where would if be coming from? Or does the world just let any old country start flying any old place with any old plane? I believe everything that size is registered and known by every country. Fake plane ? nawww.
It's amazing that some people are still soiling their undies twelve and a half years after the fact. That's what bin Laden was trying to accomplish, and it seems it worked well with some fools.
I still don't buy it that the US Government knows nothing...
That is likely because you have been conditioned by so called "alternative" media sources into believing the US is always to blame for negative events. You must try harder to shake off this brainwashing and realise that there is a huge world out there with many countries and groups, just as capable and as incompetent as the US government.
no....with what I DO know about the capabilities of the US Government I KNOW they know what happened to it, they just won't show all their cards to the rest of the world that would reveal the truth of this plane. All the governments 'helping' over there were doing the exact same thing.
I am not sure anyone cares what MacGyverDB "buys" or "does not buy"
If it crash how the hell can't find it? The reason is because the plane was hijacked by some crazed religious individuals, the passengers are all dead. At the right moment, the plane will be gutted and filled with explosions or worse a nuclear device of mass destruction. They, being the crazed religious individuals, will target Israel, an American friendly country or America itself. I know sounds crazy, however, it could be a great plan of attack by the crazed religious individuals. I guess we have to wait and see. More
The Indian Ocean is 28 million square miles and averages 2 miles deep. That's the reason it hasn't been found. It would more likely be found if it had been hijacked to someplace on land.
@JoeD If the plane didn't crash where is your other proofs of different scenarios.? And Keep your Zionist politics out of this tragic situation.
Just find the plane....still think it was shot down
It sounds crazy because it is... If this was the plan, why wouldn't they have done something by now. It's not easy to hide a 777 (or land, or service it) without people finding out. The longer they hold on to it, the greater the chance of the plan going awry.
I keep getting confused. Was he the Baltimore Orioles shortstop in the late 70's, or is the the Spanish golfer?
Ask navy seals Reynolds and Kennedy that loaded cargo aboard MH370..oops sorry- they are dead. Ask the American engineer on board who's phone last reported a GPS reading near DG...oops, he's dead too. Ask Russian intelligence that tracked the flight to Diego Garcia..... Ask why one pilot's computer recovery on his home flight simulator showed he was practicing a landing at Diego Garcia...oops! He's dead too. Ask the person on board who methodically turned off all communications systems why it took him 18 minutes to do it? Oops! He's dead too.
Can we verify this plane ever took off?
What would you require to verify that Old Mo?
about 100 years ago an admiral in the US navy named Byrd went missing on a flight to the north pole. He mysteriously appeared and told the military what happened to him. He was promptly told to never repeat his story if he loved his family at all. Now my questions is this..... Can you handle the truth ? If yes then, demand the truth in everything that is said or done by anyone or any nation !
Shooting the plane down could possibly have saved thousands of American lives. We have to wait and see now.
Why American lives? You do realise there are many other countries on this planet?
Last I heard is that possibly the US may have shot the plane down accidentally while playing war games to scare Russia.
Last I heard some sad moron has written a book about that conspiracy without any soldi evidence,and purely for financial gain.
Sure, because when playing wargames - 4 am is the best time to do things.
The use of the massive sonar equipment does great ecological damage. Can't they just have a mass funeral and say it's over? Oh, I forgot, someone is making money on this.
There's also a big interest in air travel safety, i.e., finding out what happened helps to prevent future accidents.
Around the same time the plane disappeared, Malaysian authorities arrested a man involved in an abduction which they said was "an inside job". Could the plane disappearance be an elaborate "abduction in mass quantities" & also an "inside job"?? It is so strange that the plane disappeared & 2/3 days later the arrest was made of an "inside-job" involving abductions. This man arrested should be questioned, if he hasn't been already questioned in regards to missing plane.
The plane didn't crash. There would be debris found, however minute. There is more going on than the public will know. All the searching and false sightings are just distractions. Hopefully, the passengers are alive and well but they are probably being held prisoner somewhere
Glad to read reasonable American theory! Someone should question the guy Malaysia caught as an accomplice in Abductions that they say was an inside job, 2/3 days after plane reported had vanished. Pakistan area should be searched since they are notorious for hiding criminals.
This plane will resurface. It will be apocalyptic. It will be epic. And the whole world will shudder in its wake. Laugh? Go ahead. You're theory of a crash in the South Indian Sea has not produced on shred of evidence. Not so much as one seat cushion...
Uh, the fact that it veered off out in the ocean with limited fuel is evidence. Strong evidence at that. Don't get too carried away there in your conspiracy theory.
Jeff, please see your mental healthcare provider ASAP. Thank you!
Obama had a drone shot it down.
Why did you stop taking your medication, Kirk? It is not good for you!
Other than doing a lousy job on media messaging, I have seen no evidence of Malaysian government conspiracy or responsibility for what happened, as is so often alleged.
That's the point: that their botched media handling supports the idea that they are hiding something, that they aren't giving all the info. Regardless of whether it's true, their constant media mismanagement brings those accusations. And it's more than media mismanagement.
The only thing to learn from this is that a system which prevents anyone from shutting off a transponder in commercial flight needs to be put into place. Search and rescue or recovery should end. Enough money spent on the dead. Lets put any more resources into the LIVING. Let the dead be dead.
That's the problem they don't know the plane occupants are dead. Remember that when plane disappeared Malaysia arrested man involved in abduction that they say was "inside job". Plane could have been hijacked & people abducted & alive as prisoners or slaves. (Pakistan is known for hiding thugs, fighters, murderers, etc.) Then Russia is invading Ukraine, taking Island to be closer to Syria to help them attack Israel, then Kim of Korea starts firing test rockets that upset Japan. Too much was going on when plane vanished. How strange Malaysia failed to keep track of plane that it smells like an "inside job".
Blame the Airplane, blame the gun, blame all the weapons but Never blame those who cheat, lie, steal ,or kill with these airplanes, guns, weapons, or the governments who employ them.
Only the United States have the technologies to hijack and hide the plane...
neturei, I'm ashamed of you! Russia does too & had better reason to cause distraction while they invaded Ukrane. Are you Russian?
The technology to hijack a plane? Really? People have hijacked planes with knives, guns, etc...
"If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked." Duh...maybe to identify it? Such BS.
And "What difference, at this point, does it make anyway?"
The difference is "accountability" Anne. This plane was hijacked by the intelligence agencies of conuntries without question, so any violation of protocol would infer that country was complicit in the hijacking. The US led the hijack with India complicit. The US media intentionally misquoting Malaysian statements made Malaysian authorities appear innocent... but protocol must be questioned. NORAD intentionally violated protocol on 9-11, and lied about it. The media lied for the government. No one was punished. This ensured anyone with a working brain our government engineeried and executed 9-11. In short, the answer does make a difference to the intelligent.
Hey government stalker Clay..how ya been? Get a raise from those cheap fascist basturds yet for stalking, or are they making you finish high school first? I hear it's rough going getting that HS diploma when you're over thirty.
Don't scramble jets unless you are planning to shoot it down? How about recon just because it veered off course? Now look at the mess they're stuck with.
So, the General thinks a commercial plane with it's transponder turned off, going 180 degrees from it's flight plan.....is NO threat! I am sure people in Malaysia will sleep well tonight knowing they have such a capable man, at the helm of their Air Force!
They are what they are...third world nation! Run by cave men!!
he already knew that anyone trying to follow 370 would have been shot down
These people are inept and poor liars.
I don't believe anything that the Malaysia government says.......A bunch of incompetent BOOBS
what a bunch of inept clowns.
Malaysian Military defense is responsable by this tragedy..to much mistery..and desinformations..
geez, i am by far no aviation expert, but even I wouid know to scramble jet fighters to make a visual ID and confrirmation, even to see into the cockpit to see who is flying the plane and to try to make radio contact with the plane...this aviation minister should be fired....
Yep they did a great job they know nothing and have said nothing……
they know everything and are saying nothing.
All the things the went wrong all at once, reminds me of 9-11.
I still think it was blown up by a gov't to prevent another 9/11 style attack. Right after the transponder was turned off and the plane changed course. It's a huge cover up.
Blown up leaves pieces. It was taken lock, stock and barrel. Somebody wanted something/someone on board pretty bad. There are very few agencies' that could do it, and most of them are in the US.
Truthfully I think they accidently shot down thier own plane and this is huge cover-up to keep the peace with all the surrounding nations.
Then what happened to all the plane debris? Did the debris just disappear? Being shot down or blown up by a missile would scatter a lot of passenger plane debris far and wide including floating bodies, food, etc.... This is a stupid adolescent idea that makes no reasonable sense.
That is why they had everyone looking in the wrong place the 1st week, so they could clean-up the mess.
Sure, because in the history of such things occurring, they resulted in big disputes with neighboring countries. Korean Airlines jet prompted a big war that I somehow missed?
The first rule of public relations is "If in doubt, shut up- don't worsen a situation by continuing to speak when the facts are not on your side".
the fact that Hammurabin or #$%$ his #$%$ name is, is still in his job, says something about Malaysia. One imagines that he is nicely 'connected" to the right people. You should have seen this smug wise-guy with the reporter last night. It didn't resemble his style with a hall full of screaming PRCs..
Malaysian military is as good as dead!! It is not effective at all!!
Malaysian officials should just shut up, every time one speaks I think of another character for Jim Carey to play.
MALYASIAN BHUMIPUTRA incompetence at its worst. Add Islamic ignorance to it, you have hit the bottom.
Come on Malaysia...we have a 100% missing plane for 60 plus days with no wreckage...no bodies...no suspects in custody and no motive....We Demand Answers!!!!!!!!
LOL I have said this from the start in all my comments and no one wanted to ever believe me but now it looks like everyone is starting to say what I said from the start" They will never ever find that plane"
The Defense Minister should resign for giving an "imbecile" excuse. With terrorism going all over the Globe what make he thinks that a "hijack" commercial airline could NOT pose a threat to the security of a sovereign nation??? NCP!!!
What's the use of sneezing if you don't intend to spread germs?
im to the point I think Malaysia stole the plane thereself. they want us to think the people are missing but they have them. or they shot it down as a test... possibly even nuked it leaving only ashes. as a test
everyone o/s can watch this program, which had one or two gobsmacking moments, on abc iview. google 'abc iview lost mh370" brings it right up to the top link.
""If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked." Oh, I dunno - maybe take a peek in one of the cockpit windows on the way by ... Take a few pictures? Attempt to communicate? A little due diligence rarely hurts anyone.
"If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked. bwahahahahahaahah.. pathetic! Have they ever heard of escorting, checking on the status, etc?!
What they fail to mention is there is a American Military Naval Base right in the middle of it's flight path.
Where is "Tattoo" from Fantasy Island when you need him! He knows how to spot "the plane"
They probably did not have an aircraft ready to fly "on demand" anyway
the sad thing is that the malays who are the largest block voters in the country believe this idiota hishamuddin.
Your never going to see that airplane again...Let it go.
no, of course not.. It's much better that malaysia waited so that a billion can get spent on the search. Since after all THEY are not paying for it.
I'll call Hishammudin's bluff. Malaysia doesn't really have an Air Force, does it?
shoot down???!!!!! is this moron serious?????
what do you say on this? beyond incompetence...its like they think if we ignore the problem it will go away...
God knows where everything is... because God put it there..... understand?
No matter what Malaysia did - they would still be reprimanded
Look this is nonsense ,,,,,, Jets should have been scrambled regardless of whether his plane was viewed as a hostile or not ,,,,, if for no other reason than to determine if anything was wrong with an aircraft flying off course ,,,
Absolutely....I actually think the did scramble a jet and the jet could not communicate with them because the transponders were turned off and therefore they shot the plane down. A guy working on an oil rigger in the ocean saw the plane on fire falling from sky. He documented it and never heard anything more about it. What a coverup!
Thr goverment of malaysia has a solid record of incompetence. They are pig, thats the reason they dont eat pork, else they mad pig decease.
What plane ?... Tattoo could spot a plane as soon as A: He heard it B: He had a visual
Yea well it's time for Malaysia to start mailing out checks to taxpayers. Mail mine to Allan...PO Box....
Not one shred of evidence the plane actually went into the water. Amazing. Soooooo......just exactly where is the plane?
There are most certainly shreds of evidence the plane went into the ocean. Inmarsat has projected two routes, one of which they don't think was correct, and the other takes them over the ocean with no landable areas. What you meant to say is, there is not much evidence it landed... So just exactly where do you think the plane is.
I dunno where the plane is. Hard to believe there hasn't been any floating material found anywhere. That's the one caveat to the it musta crashed into the ocean theory. BTW, I'm not a "grassy knoll" whack.
We were hoping you could tell us!
Brian... Lemme get this straight.... it's hard to believe the plane crashed into the ocean thousands of miles from any beach, and we haven't found any debris floating around, but it's not hard to believe it landed somewhere and no one saw anything? I mean, bottom line the plane either went into the ocean or the ground, it can't fly indefinitely.
There is a lot of ocean out there. Hope it stays put.
The IFF can be seen miles before OR after the airplanes blip.
Ha ha! That front picture looks like the MH-370 version of GOATSE!
they were looking at wrong direction for cover up according to Cawthorne.
they did scramble jets and shoot it down, the rest is a coverup to avoid an international incident
Sure, and using your grand theory, the other 20+ nations with their experts, and independent agencies (such as Inmarsat, etc) just take what they say at face value and are out searching random places in the world's oceans. Is that a) to aid and abet in the cover up, or b) because the Malaysian government has shown themselves to be so competent?
sure henry, so where is the jet and all the people, smartazz?
New Zealand working on a oil rig in the Gulf of Thailand near the South China Sea personally witnessed the explosion of the MH370.
No,the oil worker claims he seen a fiery plane or object.That is not the same as personally witnessing MH370.
There is no confirmation of this supposed "witness", and this has not been reported by any credible news agency. It's simply an unsubstantiated claim by author Nigel Cawthorne, as part of publicity for his new book on MH370.
.....let me guess..........This is personal information from your 3rd cousin's friend's uncle, and was passed along via smoke signals right before he was killed by the same people who perpetrated the Oklahoma City bombing.
Geez, take a basic logic course. It will help you in life.
There has been no other creditable witness. If an oil rig worker say something, why can it be discounted. No one else has a clue.
The USA and China know the real story what happened to the plane.
An embarrassment of incompetent government that got there in the first place through Malay ethnic affirmative action programs that excluded the economically strong Han Chinese populations out of jealously of their quick rise to wealth and financial control of the country.
if it was up your #$%$... then we would know where it w#$%$ ......
...I, for one, may never fly again....three near mid-air collisions in less than a week now? Something is very wrong with the sky !
Get a grip for gods sake, you have more chance of dying on the way to the airport in the car. 2000+ people die every day in car crashes through out the world. There are on average 185 fatal car crashes every day in the USA and your upset because there was 3 near collisions ?
"I, for one, may never fly again..." what does that actually mean, as resolutions go ?
Total failures by Malay's defense minister....
HE WAS TOLD NOT OT FOLLOW IT TO OUR SECRET DIEGO GARCIA BASE.
And you know this how exactly? By the way, your caps lock key needs fixing!
Diego Garcia secret base? If it is such a secret, why do you know about it?
A Fighter Jet would have been on EMPTY Long Before it could have followed that plane to it's hanger in IRAN
It didn't have the fuel to reach Iran.
Maybe there was extra fuel - someone paid someone off....?
Anne, extra fuel? Where? The fuel tanks aren't of unlimited size.
@Commenter, please don't confuse the delusional with facts.
DIEGO GARCIA AIRPORT SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED
don't be a moron for your entire lifespan.
Diego Garcia? I'm confused. Was he the Baltimore Orioles shortstop in the late 70's, or is he the Spanish golfer?
Well show me the investigation and i will gladly accept the truth.
Where were Malaysians when God passed out brains, Jesus are they #$%$ idiots..
ah God did not pass out brains... anywhere
When I was in Asia during this issue. Many were talking about some scientists that were on this place- has there been any further discussion on this?
When I was in Asia during this issue. Many were talking about some scientists that were on this place- has there been any further discussion on this?
Not like it is the FIRST TIME these filthy muslims have HIJACKED A PLANE and USED IT AS A BOMB...
muslim MALAYSIA is in COLLUSION with their FELLOW muslim nations..... IRAN Provides the NUCLEAR WEAPON MALYASIA provides the DELIVERY SYSTEM
Like Iran couldn't find a jetliner of its own. Seriously?
A 777 is a poor delivery system for nuclear weapons.
Thats because the plane is on a secret base in Australia
That's the most ignorant comment on Yahoo !!!
I didn't think it was ignorant at all, it must have landed somewhere because no plane debris at all has been found which is rather strange
I don't know where the plane is but it did not crash in the ocean
or google " four corners lost mh 370 iview "
may have been shot down accidentally during joint United States-Thai military exercises in the South China Sea
SOME ONE SOMEWHERE KNOWS SOMETHING- ALSO I THINK THE PILOT HAD TO SOMETHING WITH THAT
Fasten your seatbelts, it's going to be a very bumpy ride!!!!!
.It's not at the bottom of some ocean,Malaysia knows that.
Darryl Issa demands to know what Hillary is hiding about flight 370.
must be a slow news day.
It is a SOP for all Air Forces around the world to check and verify the unidentified aircraft by sending fighter jets if it does not respond to transponder or to any voice call. Top bosses of Air Force or CAA or the Defence minister know the secret or they had been bribed or threatened to keep quite about this air piracy (hijacking). The aircraft must have had some secret cargo or secret personnel on board, which some organization or country did not want to reach its intended destination. Those who had been told to keep quite about this air piracy may not necessarily know the type of cargo the flight had on board. Anyway, those who made propaganda that flight MH370 had landed smoothly in open ocean at night and sank smoothly to the bottom of the ocean are to be checked out first for involvement in this conspiracy. An aircraft like Boeing-777 can not land in an open ocean (specially at night) without breaking-off and shooting thousands of 'never-to-sink' debris in the ocean surface. Is there any Boeing 777 pilot give a demonstration at day time that he can land smoothly on Indian ocean without breaking his aircraft in to pieces? And why the pilots or the intended terrorists would want to land the aircraft smoothly in the open ocean at night? Did they want to practice night landing at night in the open ocean? Then where are the passengers?
I'm sure rules will be rewritten now, but there's little point in hurling blame about. Mystery aircraft appear on radar in the UK from time to time, granted they're not the size or speed of a commercial airliner, they're light aircraft without transponders which haven't identified themselves, but the point is, RAF jets aren't scrambled to check them all out. The role of the air force, in parts of the world where war isn't entirely unlikely, is to guard against hostile foreign military aircraft. They look at their radar, see a large radar return and recognise it's an airliner turned back from its original course. Unless alerted otherwise, they assume that's a matter in the hands of the civil aviation authorities, it's not a spyplane or a fighter. The problem is, Malaysia civilian air traffic control weren't tracking it, they believed it had passed from their control to another country. It fell between everyone's remit. Thailand probably saw it too, but it didn't set off any alarm bells for them either.
If the Malaysian military were so sure the plane wasn't hostile after communication and identification was lost then they must have been aware of what was happening with the plane, that's the only sensible conclusion. Maybe that's why this guy is so smug when asked questions about it, 'I know but you don't' sort of thing. Either way the Malaysians are too relaxed and unapologetic about the whole thing, the Americans are too quiet on the subject(which is out of character for them), and why are the Australians content to pay unlimited (their words) amounts of money to lead a search that is not really their responsibility. For me it is all a major cover up and the search in the deepest parts of the Indian Ocean is also a sham, LOL why send a submarine that can't carry out an effective search? there is other equipment out there that can effectively search at that depth. Whatever was on that plane was important enough to have it disappear, the passengers....removed....and this cover up created, the truth will never be known by the normal people.
The in-depth search shows the determination of the Malaysian and Australian governments at ascertaining the truth. This should not be a political slanging match. A large plane along with 239 people disappeared without trace and the next of kin want answers. The Malaysian government is bending itself backwards to find the right sequence of events. A very difficult logistical exercise considering all the conspiracy theories. Pancha Chandra Brussels
When Hellos flight from Cyprus to Greece didn't respond to radio contact Greece sent up 2 fighters and saw what was going on So why didn't Malaysian Military not do the same ? its just another EXCUSE AS TO WHAT REALLY HAPPENED TO FLIGHT MH 370
when things like this happens there are too many suspicion. CIA, Russia, Aliens or whatever but what if the rough Indian sea had simply swept debris and bodies far away before the rescue team could have reached there as I believe that is also possible.
Alas so they do have Radar but didn't see it as a threat, why? Radar is a first line of defence for any country yesterday the Prime Minister went out of his way to place more responsibility on US. Today one of his juniors is suggesting not a threat. What other reasons have you ? Is it because it was only acting as planned ? But for what benefit ? Probably there is much more behind what China says than what we read regarding lack of security in South China Seas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Saying it wasn't seen as a hostile object ? What the feck. This is total boIIocks and they want us to believe their bullshlt. Sounds reminiscent of the farce of 9/11 when 4 jets went off course for over an hour with out being intercepted by a single jet fighter aircraft
Unexplained radar phenomena must be pretty common across the world, so the chances are that only in well define sensitive areas are interceptors sent to investigate. So it's not surprising the Malayan military did nothing about this incident. If the aircraft had not disappeared under such mysterious circumstances this would not be a newsworthy event.
The only thing about MH370 that we can safely conclude, I feel, is that at least one person, outside of those on the 'plane, knows what really happened to it. Narrow down who that person or persons are, and you will be 90% of the way to finding out what happened to the 'plane.
Why follow it when they knew where it was going
They shot it down and are going to get found out, thats why he seems so nervous
Don't need to be a rocket scientist to know this is one of the most dodgey episodes in history............everything about it stinks..............................
the yanks have it on diego garcia
i am embarassed to be a passport holder of this country/govt.
Ait traffic usually question any movement , even a drop in altitude of an aircraft when it occurs and it has to be responded to..so how this ever happened is very odd
.........Boring news is no news. ..... Is the entire world getting fed up with US-Israeli false flags?
Scrambling a civilian aircraft is not necessarily with an intention of shooting it down. It can be to investigate and provide assistance to guide it to safety.
There is no way a plane suddenly missed from radar with abrupt end without some stinger missile or something of that nature. I am pretty sure everything looks is a hidden agenda like many things that happen on this planet. It is something incomprehensible the MH370 with so many lives disappeared in a flash. Drama will go on for a pretty long time because sensitive nature of the incident... It will need a heart & soul to declare the responsible nature to declare their involvement in this tragic inhumane death toll.
"There is no way a plane suddenly missed from radar with abrupt end without some stinger missile or something of that nature." In Your Mind. "I am pretty sure everything looks...." But you are not 100% sure and do not know all the facts so "pretty sure" just means a "Wild Azzed Guess". "It is something incomprehensible...." It's not incomprehensible to me. It must be just you... "It will need a heart & soul to declare the responsible nature..." Actually, the truth will be found eventually thru searching, scientific research, technical equipment and those results will tell us the facts. There is no Heart & Soul to it other than the perseverance of those professionals dedicated to finding out what the truth is.
Definitely Russia is far away to say its involvement; they do not have significant presence in that area. China may know a little bit of it who that might be!
Scrambling fighter jets are not for the purpose of shooting an unknown flying object down. It's a mean of identifying the object. To try and make contact whether through radio or visual and ascertain if it is a threat or not. Shooting down the airplane in question would have been an absolute last resort. IMHO our minister is giving us #$%$ about not scrambling the fighters. There are procedures on this matter and someone along the chain of command has not followed the said procedures. Gross negligence? It's pretty much the case.
I bet you would be a good defence minister Sean
Someone replace that inept official with Sean!
Shooting down the plane? It should be to escort the plane back to safety! My God, what kind of a (stupid) response is that, from a Minister too?
this stupid minister did a sh1tty job .. but don't worry, he still has strong support from some sh1theads.
Hishammuddin is the best of a really bad bunch! The political inbreeding within UMNO has created a species of politician more akin to the dodo, fat, slow and headed for extinction.
1) "If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked. 2) Can someone tell these officials that they are really genuinely stupid (& we are not joking) & shut their mouths up as much as possible? a) 1st, he already assume it is non-hostile (wonder what if it is). b) 2nd, even if non-hostile, it is absolutely abnormal to turn back & fly that way, isn't it? c) 3rd, who the hell said fighter jet must shoot whenever going up? 3) He might as well say now that "Alamak, it really go missing lah".
The media know that Bolehsia's minister is stupid that's why keep pressing him to talk. The rubbish that he said will become a laughing stock to the rest of the world. And that's news.
"If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" I say if you are not going to use your jets, whats the point of having a military?
The Stupid/Brainless Malaysian Malay leaders were reported to have said -- "it (MH370 ?) wasn't seen as a hostile object" and "If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Unless and until you make a proper check, how can you be 100% sure that the suspicious plane detected was not a "hostile object" ? If it did carry explosives to be unloaded/dropped off over Penang, guess it is very right to wait till damage has been done before that plane is considered a "hostile object" ? It was reported that the U.S. Security officials were informed of the Boston Bombers' suspicious activities, but they did not seriously check/attended to the matter, resulting in the Boston Bombing to happen ? Likewise the very Stupid/Brainless Malaysian Malay leaders consider it very right to not check the suspicious plane (MH370 ?) flying across the northern part of Peninsula Malaysia, resulting in the MH370 going missing ? Will the Australian Broadcasting Corp's listeners not consider the remarks/statements to be very Stupid/Brainless (and the listeners cannot be fooled) ? What do you think ?
MAS knew that the MH370 was missing surely any responsible person would have immediately alerted the airforce to search for it as France recently did and Greece did also when there was loss of contact with their passenger planes. WHY IS MAS AND MALAYSIAN AIRFORCE SO INDIFFERENT TO THE PLIGHT OF THE MISSING PLANE MH370 while it was still sending signals ? BOEING AND ROLLS ROYCE WOULD HAVE BEEN GETTING AUTOMATIC FEEDBACK FROM THE ENGINES THAT CANNOT BE DISABLED BY ANYONE . THEY AS WELL AS MAS HAVE A LOT TO ANSWER FOR THEY COULD HAVE HELPED YET THEY CHOSE NOT TO. THIS IS NEGLIGENCE OF THE HIGHEST ORDER NO point in trying to defend the indefensible.whoever made that decision has to be accountable as we are talking about 239 lives.
Time to blame Boeing and Rolls Royce for having data being fed to their computers by thousands of aircraft engines world wide who are looking for engine malfunctions and found none. It must be their Fault that their engines and telemetry systems operated perfectly. Always blame competence and "Deep Pockets" when you're looking for money, Incompetence doesn't have any!
Quote:"...On that occasion, he said he was informed of the military radar detection two hours later and relayed it to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, who immediately ordered a search in the Strait of Malacca." It took the military two hours to decide to do something, and our defence Minister think this is alright! If as was said a commercial plane, why bothered to even report to the PM? Mind you, a commercial plane, without transponder signal and not in their usual flight path! This is ground for suspicion and actions. It only sinked into them two hours later the importance of this fact! Now continue to defend the response is alright, no intelligent person can accept this argument. Act like a real leader and apologize like the South Korean PM.
huh!? is that how you defend ar? jaw dropping failure. must a fighter jet shoot down a plane(or bird, cloud, layang-layang DLL) every time it is being sent to the skies? what #$%$ logic is this? just broke another level of stupid, right there, live. has it NEVER crossed your mind to send the quickest jet in order to see what's going on there? to properly report from an external reconnaissance unit (a fighter jet)? we are talking about 200+ lives Hish! not worth it to send even 1 jet up to check it out?
What is the point of scrambling a fighter jet if we are not going to shoot it down? Are you telling us our fighter jets don't know how to escort an aircraft? Hisham! We thought you are much smarter after the MH 370 blunders which made Malaysia being ridiculed by the whole world but it seems that old habits die hard in UMNO or maybe this is the true colour of UMNO. You have just made yourself and the gov't look stupid. Kerja tak boleh, sekarang cakap pun tak boleh! Malu tak? Malaysia Boleh!
The American F-15 has been defeated in air combat games before. In a scene eerily similar to Top Gun, 2 F-15 facing 2 enemy aircraft suddenly found themselves out-numbered when the two radar returns suddenly resolved into 4. It has been said that a US aircraft was shadowing KAL 007 and then separated. The 747 was shot down instead of this aircraft which explains why the Japanese were bewildered when the debris was found elsewhere contrary to their expertise in the local tides and currents. Surprise is the name of the game and we flunked in many ways here.
Do not justify the military's failure by providing unjustified comment. What action did the government against the Defense Chief and their personel and all others who are accountable on their to take immediate action.Recently i was exited Malaysia via KLIA. The seriousness amoung the security personnels. 5 young security personnels in uniform and only one guy was checking the passengers passport before you go down the escalator to the immigration and the others were chating and giggling away without showing much seriousness. They could keep thier eyes open and lookout for suspicious characther. Have multi racial in all field and you will see the improvement.
The military are all sleeping on the job, period.
Military, an example of wasteful spending.
they knew it was coming. they slept it through.
What a piece of BS from someone who has lost the plot and tries to justify why those under his command do not react on it. If it was an actual intruder, we would be overrun by now with this kind of attitude. This is really unprecedented anywhere in the world.
Who the hell will ask the pilot to shoot down the plane? Is the pilot blind or something? What is the SOP in tailing an unidentified or identified plane? He could have seen it is a MAS plane and follow it and assess the situation while waiting for instructions from higher authority.
I told you so. The whole investigation must concentrate on the actions of the Pilot Zahari. Those military guys actually knows nothing to tell. All their equipment are for show in parades only. Even Hishamudin don't know that their jets cannot shoot down intruders. Is Hishamudin saying that he knew the plane in the military radar was MH370? Why did the police not find evidences of the pilot's actions and activities also becomes a mystery. It has got nothing to do with the mangosteen. That is for sure. How can they just depend on opinions of people they interviewed only? They should have evidences of every second of Zahari activities before the flight. That is also because they did not know also.
Fool, i know of this Zahari guy. All MAS pilots of all races say he is a good man. You don't have facts but trying to blame him? Very stupid conspiracy theory.
It is typical defenive explanation given by ministers and top civil service officers. They always give good excuses that they have done their best and those tragedies are beyond their control. South Korea President is an exception.
You can say anything you want, have all sorts of theories and defence for your actions or inactions. But at the end of the day, the buck falls on you. The country of the national carrier must bear the responsibility for the dissappearance of its airline that took off from K.L. for Beijing, but then crossed 4 of its own states without being detected, before 'vanishing'. That constitutes the failure on the part of the Defence ministry!
"If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked. What kind of an explanation from Hishamuddin??????? Even if the plane deemed commercial or hostile since it appeared in the radar, a jet should have been scrambled to investigate...MH370 was within their reach but because of their stupidity its beyond their reach now..
Media love to interview stupid high ranking officer because every thing they say become a joke and it sell well to the public.
To be fair and reasonable, the RMAF must be condemned for security failure for not sending fighter planes to check out the unidentified radar signal, but this should not be reason to blame Malaysia for the disappearance of MH370. Their job is to monitor and challenge potential hostile intrusions into Msia airspace, but when you see only one blip moving towards Indonesia/ Indian Ocean you will not think that this is a hostile object attacking your country. Furthermore, there were probably also other aircraft flying in towards KL and leaving KL at that time, a usual scenario every night. Every day, there are hundreds maybe thousands of people go missing around world: fishermen who went fishing but never came back, sailors who fell into the sea, adventurous trekkers who go into forests but couldn't get out, etc. We have not heard or seen so much media attention and blame apportioned on behalf of all those thousands who disappeared.
All aircraft should be monitor once its in your airspace......remember 911.....its a few commercial plane....is it hostile????
When a Blip does not communicate with you, you scramble your jets. This is gross negligence
@Raymond and @Citiview. Agree with both of you. What I meant was that this is a separate issue from the MH370, in that, civilian radar and ground control is fully and solely responsible for tracking civilian flights. RMAF's role is purely the security of the country, it looks at different things; of course, if RMAF had got suspicious and scrambled the fighter jets, the story would be totally different today. They didn't, so it's negligence from the perspective of the security of the country, but they're in no way to blame for the disappearance of MH370.
One thing for sure. Nobody is forced to resigned and nobody is at fault. A typical reaction from UMNO leaders when a crisis happens.
so according to RMAF, if there is an object, veering off from flighpath, not responding to any IFF or communication, changing altitudes regularly, its not considered a threat? so i guess the radar operators declared the aircraft as non hostile and went for their teh tarik and nasi lemak at 2 in the morning?
I remember that they say they are not sure what flew past that's why they delay the announcement that the plane flew back. Now they are saying that they know it's a non-hostile. By the way, using the same logic as "If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it up?", that's stupid.
Donkey Brain. Do all Malaysian Air force planes go to the sky only if there is shooting to be done? For all we know, MH 370 could have communicated visually if it was in distress. It was a lost opportunity to meet up with MH 370. Plenty of Sandiwara to deflect their inadequacy . This is laughable.
If the plane crashed into klcc, they would probably say "oh it's god's will" or "fate" and there is nothing they can do about it. Seriously, if I see these thick skin moron ministers dying in front of me screaming for help, i would probably just sit and watch to do Mother Earth and mankind a favor.
"If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked. wow... what a very low mentality...
If you are not going to use the military to investigate a unknown plane in your airspace - Why have a military? Possibly the military is for show only - nothing else.
Mentality of the Malay govt are totally incompetent in many ways. Corrupted official, backwards thinking, self beneficially and connected. I left 25 years ago and never look back.
worst scenario ever!! it has 2 months and there are no traces of the flight also!!! the flight system and other facilities have to stopped until a reliable solution is found out and the required measures taken to avoid such things!!!!!
that is why they are dedicating all the resources to trying to find that airplane. Understanding what happened and why it happened is the first step to preventing it from happening again.
that is why they are dedicating all the resources to trying to find that airplane. Understanding what happened and why it happened is the first step to preventing it from happening again.
His replies should be compile into a book of jokes.
The more they comment, the more the nonsense they talk. It just makes things worse
"If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Does this Defense Minister think 'intercept" means "must shoot down'??? The whole world laughs!!
Malaysia defends military inaction on MH370 radar Najib also defends why Malaysian submarine cannot submerge? LOL
No their subs can submerge. They said it just cant submerge in shallow waters nor in deep waters.
this h2o speaks rubbish...not fit to be a minister
Poor chaps, they try to do the right thing by saying what they know. And as the saying goes, "whatever you say may be used against you" The only thing left to do is ignore them, and close the chapter.
For once don't be shy to say that you are wrong.
"Lim": He is trying very hard to not admit that MAS/Malaysia is to be blamed for the MH370 being missing, and by so doing they can reduce the very heavy claims/compensation from the passengers'/crews' relatives ? The international community and/or the Australian Broadcasting Corp's listeners are not that stupid to be fooled by that Malaysian Malay leader's statement ? What do you think ?
Guess some aptitude or intelligence test must be done on our ministers. I am speechless to hear such arguments. Do we have to shoot all intercepted planes? My God!!!. May God bless my beloved Malaysia.
He knew where to ditched the plane, he studied it for months, His plan was to ditched the plane to the part of the ocean where no one will believe it will be there. He alone did it,
he knows what really happened to MH370 . but he is forced to say lies to public.....
What an SSSSSSSS? He knows not his work. Exactly, you don't scramble fighter jets to shoot down any jets. Make contact to identify themselves first and then assess the situation. All want to use our famous Home Minister's tagline. " Shoot first and ask questions later" My gosh, all these numbskulls in the cabinet should be selling nasi lemak and curry puffs, I am sure even here they would make mistakes. Shameful, what morons we have?
No mention if they shot down the plane. If plane shot down, there is no need to scramble any fighter jet.
that's right. No mention of shooting it down. I think that kind of means that they didn't shoot it down. sounds like they would be flat out shooting a pregnant duck down, anyway..
The 2 airbus that brought down World Trade Centre in US on 911 were definitely "not hositle".... well... you know the rest
I hope mamak don't step into the ring this time else things will turn messy, very messy indeed
I have too much laughter today.. don't make me laugh some more !!
can i join in? i just fell off my chair laughing!!!
**********"If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Hishammuddin asked.******* OMG ! Is he really the Defence Minister ? Talk like an idiot ah ! So each time, fighters are scrambled, must shoot some planes down ? Look at other countries. So many fighters scrambled but no plane has been shot down. Sack this stupid burger ! A broad daylight screw-up and still want to talk stupid ! Disgusting old fool !
If you're not going to shoot it down, what's the point of sending it - HUH? Scrambling fighters doesn't necessarily mean it shld end with shooting down unidentified aircraft. It cld also mean INVESTIGATING, VERIFYING & ESCORTING unidentified planes out of the M'sian airspace. It cld be No Shooting is necessary. It's a sensible SOP operated by countless ctries around the world....
Our RMAF General should be sacked 1St! How can the staff be alert when the General himself is not straight!!!! If he has any pride at all!
"what's the point of sending it (a fighter) up?" Are you not the defense minister?
No choice but to defend in-desision or complacency made to look like a decision
where on this Earth will a scrambled fighter plane shot down a play with out checking on it ...? its all only to verify and confirm so you mean a passenger plane can't be use against us..? this another fool talking, all i know is that you all are still assuming..
like I say for months its on the moon people.
Talking about upgrading Malaysia's radar capability .....why is there ever such a need when your controllers can decide straightaway that MH370 was not a hostile plane ? Can save money and still get the job done ! Blady stupid idiots !!!!
Someone try to start a war between nations.
yea... and this was obviously the best opportunity to accomplish that goal, huh?
Wow - how did that work out for them?
What the F? Shazni u know what you're talking about?