The slow and very deliberate process of linking the wreckage to ML370, infuriating as it may seem, is all about CYA. I agree with the many people here and everywhere who believe that the flaperon was part of the missing 777. But considering the chaotic course of the 16-month old investigation from day 1 and the widespread claims of indecision, misinformation, lying, coverups, etc, the people in charge now want to get it absolutely right this time and not be accused of incompetence, deceit, or more coverup. Let them do their job.
I like that, the age of the barnacles can be determined. but suppose the age is older than the 370 crash?! if I recall aright, one of the 777 series of planes that crashed is that French plane that crashed in the Atlantic off of Brazil. if a wing part from that plane were to get into the currant that goes south, then the currant that moves from west to east, all Around the world, south of Africa, I could see very well how this wing part could end up there! I have heard of bottles with messages being found like 50 years later!
That French plane was an Airbus.
The parts are not the same for an Airbus and a 777
I understand your logic, but 2009 Air France crash between Brazil and Senegal was an A330. For the investigators, this would have been a pretty easy conclusion to determine if the "flaperon" was from an Airbus or a Boeing. We will have to wait for the investigators to issue their findings. If it is not from the MH370, that will generate so many more questions - not only about MH370, but about the origin of the part.
"If the barnacles on the debris are older than the date MH370 went missing, it would rule it coming from that plane" Am I reading this wrong?
If the part is from a 777, it is the MH370 flight as no other 777s are missing or have crashed.
They meant to say rule "out". It's very rare to find an internet article without any typos, or spelling & grammar errors.
Yep, leave it to a scientist to state the obvious. If the barnacles are older than when the plane was lost, then the part wasn;t in the water when the barnacles started growing. Sure. But that tells us about nothing other than we as readers are thought to be clueless.
My questions are simple: 1) Does plane part that was found have serial number(s) on it? 2) If they have serial numbers, would, are they internal or external? 3) What other parts would or could float? 4) Would the part found be visible from a satellite? Early on we had satellite images of debris, though I am not sure the size in comparison. If this item was really floating for a year,could a satellite have picked it up as an image. None of these questions\answers seem to be in the news, or is it that I'm just on the wrong sources, (Yahoo)
The Flaperon has a data plate on the end on the unit. On the data plate is the Manufacture of the part, the part number and the serial number and possibly a mod number. The P/N and S/N will be in the aircraft logbook for traceability so they can look that up to see what aircraft it belongs to. The problem might be that the data plate might have been damaged or the ocean water may have corroded it to the point that the serial number is not recognizable. If it was intact they would already know what AC it came from.
"The Flaperon has a data plate on the end on the unit." ? This is known exactly how? What are the sources?
Commenter: Charles is correct. Pretty much every assembly has that sort of information attached to it in some way. For example, each of our aircraft parts have the part/install/project number painted on. At a different company I worked for, a physical data plate was screwed on.
1) From what I've been reading in the media, there are some numbers on the part which are attributed to Boeing's serial numbering system, but it does not exclude other companies from using the same/similar sequence. I think that's why absolute confirmation has not been established yet. Yes, the flaperon appears to be from a 777 and that MH370 is the only one ever lost in that part of the world. Logic says this is the real deal. I get the feeling that the authorities still want to make dam (sic) sure this cannot be from any other source before they stick their fork in it. 2) Answered already. 3) Everything from plastic bottles, interior paneling, seat cushions and metal/composite aircraft parts (if filled with enough air to make them buoyant and is airtight). To get slightly morbid, bodies will also float but I think only for a relatively short time. This assumes that the crash into the ocean was at a slow enough speed and/or angle that the plane broke up enough to dislodge some of contents and that it didn't immediately disintegrate into the proverbial millions and millions of pieces. If we assume that the plane entered the water and remained mostly intact, then there wouldn't be much chance of any debris from the interior floating on the surface. I'm betting that if/when MH370 is found, it will be generally in one piece resting on the bottom of the ocean. 4) I'm sure that there's commercial satellites that have a resolution of 1/2 meter (i.e., 1 pixel equals about 20 inches). Who knows what the military has but it's probably 5X better. The problem is that the Indian Ocean covers a vast area and that each pass of a satellite covers a strip maybe 10-20 kilometers wide. Coupled that with natural ocean biologics that swim near the surface and you have a lot of data and noise to filter. Weather would also be a major limiting factor as to what area could be searched at any time. Sure it might have been easy to spot an entire tail section of a triple 7, IF it could float for several days under clear skies and you knew where to search within a 150 miles or so. Remember, the area of a circle with a 150 mile radius is 70,685 square miles. That's about the size of the state of North Dakota.
@Raymond, as you probably know the Indian ocean is huge and basically untraveled so satelites normally do not "look" at this area. No military radar looks there either. Also this ocean is very rough and has many large storms, so any floating parts could be anywhere. the part found was filled with foam, The odds on finding anything substantive are really slim. Remember when Steve Fossitt went missing, they knew the area, plus it was on land, but still never found him.
Yes the Indian ocean is probably not regularly scanned by intel satellites, but they could probably be tasked to do it. Well, they did eventually find some of Fossett's remains but it was really due to an accident, not as a result of a coordinated search. A year after he disappeared a hiker found some of his personal effects and that led to the crash site. The discovery of this flaperon is along the same lines; a fortunate turn of events that may eventually lead to the aircraft or whatever remains of it.
I would bet Boeing can tell you how many 777 right wing flaperons they made, how many 777's are flying, subtract known lost or replaced flaperons they have records of and I would bet the number would be = 1..
if the answer is simple 1, why no official confirmation on the flaperon linking to MH370? it is been over a week now.
if is the so simple, they would have an official confirmation from the MH370 by now. It has been over a week now, why no announcement if the answer is 1?
Because the official making the confirmation has to see it and inspect it first. He doesn't believe the news media anymore than you do. I will bet Stephen is right. Any other bet is a snowball's chance in hell.
The part just arrived on Sunday at the test lab in France.
I would think three ships going from Australia towards Reunion Island with sonar would sight a plane missing it's right wing or just the tail end of a plane sticking towards the camera. Now would be the time to search. Would not advise going out in the winter when the waters would be icy. The 2,300 mile distance would have to follow three astride in a pattern that would most sight anything at all. Just a thought. Thank you to all in this endeavor. I know it is not easy.
So yeah, if it's not from MH370, where's it from? It's not like the fleet of triple 7's have been losing random unaccounted for parts, and this one seems more than inconsequential...
yea, that's my thought too. If they've positively identified it as a flaperon from a 777 then there is little chance of being from any other plane. Anytime a 777 loses one of those, you'll know. It's not like a 777 lost one and has been operating without it for years without knowing.
The real value of looking into this piece of debris is the hope of trying to "pinpoint" its origin. There's really no doubt this is from MH370. Yes ,they will try to confirm this, but in about 99% of most peoples observations, this piece is defiantly from the missing plane. Trying to narrow down the location of origin will be the main focus.
Of course. Just trying to interject some common sense here. That seems to be in short supply these days.
It's only me. I'm home from the sea says Barnacle Bill the sailor.
He just got paid & wants to get laid......
"If the barnacles on the debris are older than the date MH370 went missing, it would rule it coming from that plane, said Melanie Bishop a professor..." Two things: I guarantee a professor did not say something that stupid but there is an excellent chance that Robert Birsel (the editor in the byline) is not doing his job since he did not see the obvious omission of the word "out" after "it would rule...". Then of course, even if it did rule *out* the part coming from that Boeing 777 aircraft, it sure would create the dilemma of where the bleep it *did* come from since that is the only 777 in the world currently missing and all the other previous crashed of a 777 have all their pieces accounted for. Does this just show they know nothing about the subject they are covering?
It would certainly create a dilemma, and I was thinking that could be explained by a hoax…someone purchasing a 777 slap from a airline chopshop or taking it from another source. But that wouldn't work since the flaperon would have to have been planted before the crash. However let's flip that over. What if the barnacles were all only a few weeks old? Would that raise doubts about the authenticity of the debris???
I am sure glad I did not bet you would not say something so stupid.
You're in a bar trying to pick up a hot girl and she asks what you do for a living - "I'm an expert in barnacle life cycles". That's one heck of a pick up line.
probably worked for Barnacle Bill the Sailor as he went after the fair maiden
You could just say "I'm a scientist", close enough.
A marine biologist could answer the question.
"and for that 1 brief moment, Jerry, I Was a Marine Biologist!" - George Costanza ("Seinfeld")
Watch out, she might say "Well, would you like to inspect my barnacles?"
@ Elise - Or worse... try to scrape them off. OUCH.
It's August and everyone in France is on vacation. Too, no one works on week-ends.
the only factual statement I have seen on this board...
wonder if they go to Greece
Great, everyone is freaking because they don't have the answer RIGHT NOW! This article happens to be more about marine science and biology, and you morons thought you came hear for cold hard facts.
"If the barnacles on the debris are older than the date MH370 went missing, it would rule it coming from that plane, said Melanie Bishop a professor at the Department of Biological Sciences, Macquarie University." Wouldn't that rule it out?
Who has time to proofread their own article these days, lol
why proof read it yourself when the commenters will do it for you?
Since MH370 is the only 777 to have ever crashed in that region of the world, what other 777 would it be from? I'm sure nobody took crash debris from one of the previous three 777 crashes/hull losses that have occurred since the 777's first flight, and planted it at the bottom of the Indian ocean.
"might help unravel the mystery of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370" Certainly don't jump to any conclusion. The pieces now being recovered may have come from one of the many other Boeing 777s that have crashed into the ocean in that area. Of course the pieces are from flight MH370!
Haven't they already determined that the part came from a Boeing 777? How many have gone missing, particularly over oceans anywhere in the world? I think the likelihood that this part came from MH370 is pretty solid. While they are studying barnacles, perhaps they should also be modeling currents in the Indian Ocean if they want to trace the movement of this part.
I seem to recall that the earlier photos showed the plane with dark grey wings and undercarriage. Perhaps this piece faded in the sun and sea.
Yes ask the barnacles! They have all the answers.
I it only takes a Boeing official a couple of hours to verify. it has been days.
It was a weekend and basically, no one really cares about it anymore.
Exactly! Every authority has to put their claim in for a piece of the pie.
More likely it's the fact that hundreds of lawyers are licking their chops over this and listening to every single word uttered by Boeing. Thus the need for 100% accuracy. I'm sure they have a good indication, but good indications don't hold up in court. It's sad it's come to this.
Good luck suing anyone as there is no known cause. Probably some #$%$ farted and the pilots passed out.
But the French are doing the job.
Not enough time for cover-up ???
French break is 4 hours long during 8 hour work load !
True, but you must think of the bureaucracy that surrounds the actual work required to identify the part. That can take much longer than the work itself.
Those things all over the edges of the piece look more like mussels than barnacles. Either way, they would be worth analyzing.
Don't tell the Republicans about the barnacle testing -- they don't believe in science - especially since that same type of science is used on ancient fossils to research climate! Just tell them a UFO dropped it.
Why do you use the name 'Centrist' when you are an idiot?
@Commenter - Your's is unfortunately a typical response of a far-winger who resents the facts, but at least is honest enough not to throw back a lie about it. So .... question: Being that honest, why are you still voting for those anti-science Republicans? The ones with failed economic theories? The ones who would take away life-saving healthcare insurance from 10s of millions of us? Quit that and you'll be less resentful, feel more honest, and actually be more humane.
What is pathetic is the wishful thinking of the victim's families that somehow after a year and a half their loved ones might still return in some miraculous way. Why are these people shocked that debris from the missing plane has been found? It's what was to be expected. Airliners do not fly off to the Twiilight Zone.
I read that they found more water bottles from Malaysia and Taiwan. Since the flaperon was relatively in very good condition they think the plane landed on the water and sank fairly intact. That is if it is from MH 370.
Unless these can be traced to the flight I'd be a bit skeptical. Possibly a lot of water bottles foot in from that direction due to Indian ocean currents. I'm puzzled about how the flap didn't fill with water and sink, though. I'm keeping open the possibility that the crash occurred much closer to Reunion and that the flap washed ashore and has been swept out and back again several times. Maybe the barnacles and other items on the wing flap will resolve that issue.
So much for Israel's ridiculous claim that the plane was hijacked & being retrofitted to attack Israel. Guilty Consciences= Paranoia & the desire to start WW 3.
Barnacles typically live in shallow waters (around 300ft). So the debris would likely have been in shallow waters for sometime for the barnacles to attach themselves in such a manner. Could the plane have crashed in shallow waters?
Then there's the fact it floats.
The Indian Ocean in the area they calculated the plane to go down, which they did with amazing accuracy even though it is a long arc, is too deep for that. The fact it floats is the almost certain reason. The barnacles may indeed help reduce the size of the arc they are searching which would be a huge help.
Many of the barnacles were removed by the beach combers who found the flaperon before they were told to stop . I hope someone on Reunion Island had the smarts to retrieve those cast aside on the rocky shore .
Island combers need to eat too.
They are not sure if it is that specific Boeing 777? Well, how many OTHER Boeing 777 aircraft have gone down in the Indian Ocean whose wing flaps have not been accounted for?
Well, since it has been 16 mos, might as well wait until they have 100% confirmation down to part numbers. A big complaint has been the misinformation by Malaysian airlines, so I am sure that they are simply waiting to be sure before announcing anything confirmatory. And, frankly, I don't blame them for that approach. What is the rush? I mean, you clearly think it is from MH370, I think the average reader thinks the same, they clearly think it is or would not have sent their people to Reunion and to France.
Only 3 Boeing 777 crashes that were total hull losses have ever occurred prior to MH370, and one after which was MH17 that was shot down over Ukraine. MH370 is the only one besides MH17 to have gone down outside of an airport's airspace, and the only one to have gone down in that entire part of the planet. Of course it's MH370 debris. Why the media thinks otherwise is just nonsense.
There is no reasonable alternative conclusion, but a scientist will not state an absolute without absolute facts. Unless someone finds a part number or a stencil that positively identifies this as belonging to MH370, don't expect anything other than a 'high degree of probability'.
And why not ? If the shells on it test out at much older THAN 1 1/2 years, without OTHER HARD evidence (Numbers on the flaperon), -it's not the right one.
Any of you X-Files conspiracy nutballs out there still believe the plane is intact on a remote island with the passengers, including Brian Williams, being held captive by ISIS?
They are noticeably quiet this time, aren't they?!
With the piece being in the water for 16 months, the barnacles on it may have very little to do with where the plane hit the water. The piece probably has second generation growth, or later, on it- and it could easily have been caught in local currents for months, so the growth on it may reflect the destination not the origination. .
should take no more than 5 minutes to find matching serial numbers from the 777 this comes from. Why the delay?
I agree. My mother emailed me a pic of a sweatshirt she found one morning at her home and asked if it was mine. Yes. Only took a few minutes and two emails, with in 10 minutes. I guess ONLY the eyes of the expert can "see" the number on the piece. God forbid the guy on the island can't read the number over the phone or in a text. Probably worried about lawsuits if the plane is found and it was a defect on their part. Better for them to have people believe it was a hijacking or pilot suicide.
I guess everyone has an interesting job. Not.
It takes many people a few days to ID one part? Talk about milking the job.. Should take one person 5 minutes to determine if it is a 777 flaperon. And only MH370 flaperon is unaccounted for so it's time to move to the next stage.
They will find zebra mussels and the plane at the bottom of Lake Michigan.
That must be where the plane is!
these guys are getting too far ahead of themselves since this was found. yahoo was reporting maylaysia said too early to tell if its from the missing flight, nbc was reporting maylaysia saying it probably is... now theyre saying barnacles could provide clues, only this might not be a pc from the missing plane. and if its not, if they ever do find a pc they know is from that plane it might not have barnacles on it. just sounds like a really shabby investigation from start to finish, too many cooks stirring the pot. probably just how the pilot wanted it to be.
i think Malaysia is jumping the gun.
News reporting isn't about the facts anymore. It's about entertainment and a venue to sell ad space for junk you don't want,need, or have any use for.
They're trying to build a mindset by combining phrases with the words clue, resolve, found, in the same way that W. did when he said, "9-11 and the War on Terror and the War in Iraq all in the same sentence. Imagine the twitching while the perps waited for this piece to be found; having thrown it in the ocean many monthe ago.
And they would have gotten away with it too, if not for you meddling kids. Scooby Snack?
If this might be from another plane, wouldn't they know this ? If it's common that they fall off wouldn't boing know this and consider it a problem ? Bunch of hooye far as I'm concerned.
At least science can tell us roughly where this plane might be located but if scientists had more brain they would developed additional floating black box with GPS and sending signal to satellites about exact location of plane crash.
Andrew rush to the patent office and make your millions.
Hundreds of yellow lifejackets with little lights and whistles for passengers and not even one for a black box.
The black boxes,there are 2, are integrated into the aircraft. Design the system to eject and parachute with flotation like Space-X is doing for Dragon II. Then convince the FAA to mandate it and you'll be rich. That is until the first time one deploys accidentally and you get sued into oblivion.
Joe Biden thinks that the barnacles are what caused the plane to crash. I sure hope he runs for POTUS.
This is all Bush and Israelis fault...
Snip from the only page worldwide explaining what the "Headlines will be: "Reunion Island's Boeing wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370": Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. Talk of parallel scripts and Netanyahu detonating fake bombs to destroy Israel: FAKE attacks staged by Israeli gov, all nazo agents, to demonize jewish settlers and orthodox jews while diverting from reality. Suicide bomber Netanyahu stages FAKE blood: gays and palestinian baby burned alive by evil orthodox jews, settlers July 31, 2015 - Another episode in this series staged "coincidentally" as Boeing 777's wing transported from Reunion Island to France. Episode staged as usual in parallel, in this case supposedly against gays and the usual "victims", the "poor palestinian" children. Reality check: - Treasonous Israeli government expelled jews from Gaza 2005 and destroys jewish settlements in the West Bank. - across the border, in Syria, since Sept 2014: the elite of the nazi airforce alias "US lead coalition of 25 countries", officially shares the syrian skies with the mission's pioneers, Assad's airforce, mostly russian and iranian pilots. The only "change" ever since: an increase in the daily dosage of chlorine, splitter ammo and barrel bombs over women, children and elderly. ALL illuminati-suicide-bombers.blo+gspot.--- /2015/07/
There are two types of barnacle- natural and artificial. Natural are from the ocean. Artificial are by space aliens trying to fool people into thinking the aircraft crashed into the ocean. Until authorities can establish the kind of barnacle, we can't rule out that the plane was captured by space aliens.
Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ Biden is played by Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page, Obama by an ethnic indonesian with neither black nor white blood. Forged birth certificate to conceal he's Kenyan is only one among an endless array of "crimes" that Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation will "confess". Obama Biden alias Osama Bi(nla)den presidency comes to an end with the BIG BANG. »» big-bang-now.blogºspot -- /2014/03/
In defense of those holding out declaring this piece to be from MH370, keep in mind that this Boeing 777 piece might be a bad part that never made it into production and maybe fell off a ship carrying scrap metal to a third world country.... who knows. anything's possible so if possible, we need to confirm first and confirming is being done before declaring it to be from MH370.
"A bad part that that never made it into production and maybe fell off a ship carrying scrap metal to a third world country....who knows". That the funniest thing I've read so far today, but hey it's only 7:30am. Great thought DA, keep 'em coming the world needs a laugh.
I envy you Al Most! You can get all the comedy you need just by looking into a mirror!
Ahh gee DA, that really hurt. Your mothers a man! Doesn't matter you still a fairly ignorant person, especially when it come to airframe manufacturing. "A bad part that never made it production". God I get such a kick out of what people post on here, especially the ignorant ones. There is NO WAY that any manufacturer any where in the world is going to let a part that large get far enough in the production cycle and scrap it because something is wrong with it. They will rework it until hell freezes over or QC accepts it for continued assembly. Grow up.
Well Al, you are right. I know next to nothing about how plane parts are manufactured. I was merely stating a far fetched theory making a point that unless they have made certain this part is from MH370, there is other possibilities, though not probable, that one needs to watch for. Anyhow, your over reaction to my made up possibility is excessive. You're either 12, or a dorky geek who takes pride in arguing the minutiae on the most arcane subject even when not relevant to the gist of the conversation. You gave me a chuckle but if you really think I deserve to have my mom called a man and be called ignorant, and needing to "grow up" for what I said, then I think you're due for a few lessons in social interaction or maybe a dose of medicine for Asperger Syndrome. Cheers.
This plane went down over a year ago. Hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent to recover the plane. Must this continue? Just what difference does it make how it went down. If it were your money, would you spend any more!
It's not your money, so why do you care?
Oh, but if it were any of YOUR Precious Escargot, tons of $$$$ wouldn't be enough.
Now an article about the barnacles? Please only post a story when it's got some significant news.
Got to keep chumming the waters.
The barnacles are the ones who hold significant news. We have to wait for them to spew it out.
Why are there no skeletal remains found?
Because bones don't float? So far, all the pieces they've found do.
How many other 777's are missing.Think it's safe to say where it came from.
I don't. I think Malaysia is jumping the gun.
Kinda doubt there a bunch of 777's missing their flaparons.
Ironically the barnacles on hilary's flaperon have shown that Bill hasn't visited since 1993.
Normally I dont thumbs-up political comments on these kinds of articles, but you sir, have won the internet today.
how many 777's have crashed or missing?
The 777 has only been around since 1997 and has a pretty good safety record with only 13 crashes, hijackings or even engineering incidents before 2015. Most were crashes at the airport or situations where the planes was able to land. In fact there were no fatalities until July 2013 when an Asiana 777 crashed short of the runway at SF International airport. The only two lost 777's are the two Malaysian Air flights…the disappeared MH 370 and the MH17 shot down over the Ukraine. The probability is high that the flaperon comes from MH370 just on that basis…unless a scrap flaperon from a decommissioned plane has somehow been lost off a ship or planted as a hoax.
So, does this constitute our "official confirmation" that the debris IS from MH370?? Pretty lousy way to go about it, if so.
I could tell a lot from the barnacles on my boat. I could tell it needs slipping and antifoul.
Since Yahoo! appears to not allow posting of URLs, do the following Google search to read the best scientific article I've seen on this subject in days from the University of Toronto: "flight mh370 forensic engineering expert doug perovic"
Meanwhile on the History Channel, "I can't believe the food and shelter material that washed ashore today."
Hey folks. . . my conclusion. . . the jet is someplace in that big as ocean. . .
Damn barnacles, ! And you can't water board them to extract the information .
send the barnacles to Hodgins on Bones.....if he does not immediately know the answer, he will have the answer right after the next commercial
Gasp, you mean use science to figure this out? Trust scientists? Gasp again. Never, the world is only 5000 years old and there is no such thing as global warming.
Joey have you ever been inside a Turkish prison?
Joey, have you ever seen a grown man naked....... Joey, do you like movies about Gladiators?
just read another article that said the piece was from a ladder. ?????? what gives?
Different item. There were a number of items picked up after the flap was found. A decaying piece of luggage, what may have been a piece of a chair, etc. There's probably a lot of #$%$ on Reunion washed ashore.
if it is so plain jane simple the flaperon is from MH370, wouldn't authority make announcement to confirm such conclusion within 1 day? why still no official ID on the flaperon to MH370's 777?
Be interesting to find out how this piece escaped CNN's "Black Hole." the5thestate.asia/2015/08/plane-debris-on-remote-island-points-to.html
Did anyone consider sending the suspected boeing 777 piece to boeing to identify ?
Boeing is sending engineers there. Also, it has a serial number.
found on a French island....French in charge
It should be kept in mind, there are two Reunion shore clean up guys that sited the airplane wing section in question; as follows: (1) Shore clean up crew member spotted the wing piece July 2015 and reported it to authorities. (2) Another shore clean up crew member, after the above find hit the world news, reported he saw that same wing piece washed ashore on date May 2014 (MH370 went missing March 2014). Also, back in May 2014....when this airplane piece was first sighted....the shore clean up person found a blue airplane seat, and some luggage that was still full.....he did not report any of this, until after the second sighting hit the news.
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? "Spongebob Squarepants" Absorbant and yellow and porous is he! "Spongebob Squarepants" If nautical nonsense be something you wish "Spongebob Squarepants" Then drop on the deck and flop like a fish! "Spongebob Squarepants"
It does not look like Fake Chinese made flaperon ?
Just ask Spongebob and Squidward where the plane is. Duh.
the russians planted this on the beach.
Hard to believe that this thing has been drifting for over a year and did not sink. It looks too banged up to have kept airtightness all this time. Might have been planted.
The wing is FILLED with sealed chambers to add structure to the wing. These chambers are filled with air. It may not have floated at the ocean's surface, but it certainly was buoyant enough to be carried along by the ocean currents.
@Red. The flaperon is not an integral part of the wing. It is an attachment that helps to maneuver the aircraft, so it does not add any 'structure' to the wing really.
@Quintus Both the wing and it's control surfaces have the same interior structures...