To find the remaining wreckage of the aircraft, I suggest that the search team should conduct in-depth hydrographic survey/sounding in the Indian Ocean within 1,000 kilometer- radius from the La Reunion Island as center. I believe that the subject aircraft has ran-out of fuel along its way that is why it crashed in the said ocean with no oil spillage. Just a little patience guys...
I agree with theories that say it was a deliberate suicide mission of a mentally ill chief pilot who locked out the co-pilot, expertly depressurized cabin, and shut down tracking communications. I would add that then, in an act of a depraved evil coward, he knew full well that if he ditched it correctly in deep southern Indian Ocean it would not be recovered anytime soon, if at all, thus sparing as long as possible the shame, scandal, and embarrassment that would be placed on his remaining family members.
Wing part arrives at French lab. That is such a good and important news. I just hope the part will be well examined and it gets all the attention it needs. And I hope they will send few experts from the USA and other countries. And I hope it will end up in museum for the future generations to look at it and admire all the human effort and $$. Most importantly.. if anyone fins any more derbies please call the news so they can let everyone know there is more. They also need to bring broadcast to the pool countries and remote locations so they also know the part and possibly more were found. we all deserve that.
It would depend on the type of derbies, if its a lot more horse races the stones are hard on the horse's hooves...but if its just hats, its a little perplexing but less involved.
Testing on Wednesday. Is the lab closed Monday and Tuesday?
It's France. 24 hour work week, ya know.
It is possible that the lab has work already underway for Monday and Tuesday.
First week of August is the biggest summer holiday week in France and Europe.
Commenter the whole MONTH of August is a holiday for the French
what's the urgency? the people are gone anyway
Every Monday and Tuesday are holidays in France. Thursday and Friday are too so they better get all the testing done on Wednesday before the weekend kicks off.
What other 777 plane could this wing have possibly originated? If it not from MH370 then someone has been missing a very big airplane for a long time (muscles growing on wing) and they don't know it.
"Malaysian and French experts will begin their analysis of the part on Wednesday" So they found these plane parts last Wednesday, July 29th and it is going to take them a week to start reviewing the pieces to determine if it is MH370? Geez, my boss would have had us working around the clock to get answers.
Hey... what do you expect? You are dealing with the Malays supreme race of of the universe. Understand what Ketuanan means?
Boeing already knows if it is or is not. Now it is all formality and politics. The families of these poor lost loved ones need closure of sorts. In addition it may be a boon for the island of Reunion tourism. But for the Grace of God.
Are any of the mayor components on planes engraved with a serial number?
In a case such as this the only way to know the where and why is to use GPS tech and stream the FDR and CVR to remote locations on the ground. As it is, everything needed to locate the plane is---in the plane
any idea how many flights/day you're talking about? ntm, CVR and FDR already work well as is. it's ridiculous.
I wonder why they are waiting until Wednesday to look at the wing. I realize that there is no rush, just wondering.
it's a holiday on monday and tuesday....napolean day and eat cake day
I really don't see this find putting us any closer to solving the mystery of MH370. All it proves is that the airplane did crash in the Indian Ocean and everybody but the tinfoil hat guys already believed that. The mystery is WHY did it crash, and we will need the main wreckage to have any hope of figuring that out.
There still seems to be stuff in the backpack. Could one not show pictures of the individual items and see , if somebody recognizes something. I hope with all my heart, that they get a positive ID. It would seem to strange, that part of a plane washes up, when a plane is missing.
The part has been positively identified as a flaperon off a Boeing 777. There's only one missing Boeing 777 in the world. That's a positive ID in my book.
OK...let's see if I got this right...three proposed causes for this disappearance: 1. mechanical or structural failure My response....how does the plane then make no less than 3 turns, flies on for 7+ hours with multiple changes in altitude, and miraculously avoids the soverign air spaces of Indonesia and Thailand. 2. hijacking or terror plot. My response...No extortion or political demands made by anyone. If it was a terror plot....terrorists want you to know it so you will experience TERROR! 3. rogue pilot action. My response... Read that murder/suicide by pilot. Seems the most plausible explanation considering the circumstances surrounding the recent Germanwings crash.
So the French managed to grab the world's attention from the slow moving Australians, Now their forensic analysts will have a lot of fun deciphering the messages written all over the 777 flaperon. One question that needs answering is how many thousands of miles or kilometers this part travelled and are there signs of abrasion to support it? The other question based on the presence of encrustations by barnacles and other marine life is how long the part has been sitting in the ocean based on the age of these shellfish? The third and most important quesiton is based on Boeing's list of components for each plane they produced, is there a unique identifying information that will link the component to the plane itself?
The major parts have serial numbers.
Did you want Australia to invade La Reunion?
My Opinion - Half assed thoughts are better kept to yourself
It's sad that people can express their opinions without any knowledge of the situation. "My Opinion" seems to think that La Reunion is part of Australia. I visited La Reunion in 1976 while in the Navy. I should have said I was forced to stop at La Reunion because that's where my ship stopped. I would call it a sleepy little island because when I was there I didn't see anybody walking or driving around. A few of us from the ship walked around and the only persons we saw were the shopkeepers we saw when we decided to buy some wine, bread and cheese, lol.
Henry, I guess the wing flap decided to stop by Reunion for some "wine, bread & cheese" on it's way to Madagascar.
I find it odd that the part was shipped to Toulouse, home of the Airbus, instead of to Boeing. Wouldn't Boeing be better equipped to identify their own parts rather than their competition?
Richard, if you understood the French inferiority complex, you wouldn't need to ask that question. Of course, they don't want to turn the wing flap over to "those American dogs"
Being one who enjoys a good mystery, this case, although very tragic, is one of the greatest mysteries of modern times. The facts of this case indicate a terrible malfunction or malevolent act led the plane to take a flight path which for all intensive purposes allowed the plane to avoid detection. If not for the obscure engine monitoring signals, they wouldn't have any idea where the plane headed. Playing the percentages, a pilot with much knowledge and skill would be needed to pull this off. A malfunction combined with a series of acts to save the plane would unlikely have resulted in this outcome. So probably this was an intensional act. But for what purpose? My initial reaction after this part was discovered was that the plane crashed hard into the water, but the experts say this was not the case. It looked like the part was intact and was ripped from the wing in a controlled sea landing. This raises the question of why would a pilot do such a thing if his objective was ultimately suicide. A controlled landing at sea could have been for several reasons. There were people onboard who were targeted for death or abduction. Or there was valuable cargo onboard that some unknown group wanted desperately to acquire. Maybe it was a combination of the possibilities mentioned here. Maybe there are other possibilities, but it seems possible that this plane landed in a specific spot with a vessel waiting for its arrival. If the plane went down after it ran out of fuel, then I'd say suicide is back on the table, but that is one weird way to do yourself in. In any case, this development only magnifies the mystery, and makes it so much more important to find the wreckage.
@nofooln - Lots of speculation = no facts.
Whatever. I read "one of the greatest mysteries", "facts indicate", playing the percentages", "would unlikely have resulted", "probably was", "initial reaction", "it looked like", "raises the question", "landing at sea could have been", "some unknown group", "maybe", possibility", "if", "then I'd say", - which are all SPECULATIONS .
Of course they are speculations. Without the plane and the black box we don't really know what happened. What we do know is the plane took a path that was almost impossible to detect while key systems failed at the same time. Coincidence? Maybe, but a skilled and knowledgable pilot could have pulled this off. The known facts of this case raise legitimate questions for those with the intellectual capacity to consider them. You're excused, Douglas.
Only in France would you see a full motorcade complete with motorcycles and marked police cars running lights and full equipment for the delivery of a very small piece of aircraft wreckage for a possible identification.
Right...I can just hear those Euro-sounding sirens echoing through the streets.
... and the lead vehicle driven by Inspector Clouseau?
@ D, very funny, so original!
They didn't want the space aliens that planted the part to steal it back.
And it had to be rushed, only to sit 4 more days before they even start to test it....
I would have thought the part would have been shipped to Boeing Everett where the plane was built. I worked at Boeing for 27 years, 18 of which were spent on the different Flight Lines on the 777, 737 and 757. Boeing has every drawing on file and could tell very quickly which part that is. I could be wrong but I would imagine the main wreckage wouldn't be very far away from where this part of the wing was found.
Boeing would have probably started their investigation right away - rather than waiting until Wednesday like the French are.
Bill. The problem in a nut shell is that no one trust Boeing on this...That said the same idiots actually trust the French... Go Figure.
The part has been floating around on the ocean currents for a year and a half. It could have originated from literally anywhere in the entire Indian Ocean. It doesn't get them any closer to finding the main wreckage.
I am very sure there will be Boeing's experts on site too since they built the plane after all. As far as Wednesday is concerned, I am sure they're working on it as we speak. Wednesday is their way of saying they would know for sure if the part is from MH370 as it's already been established that the part belongs to Boeing 777.
What does France know about A Boeing Plane ? They did not make it .
What is the hold up anyway?
XECD: who are you talking to bro?
what does this have to do with the story?
Bill. As a former employee of Boeing, can you tell us if there would be a "serial number" on a piece of wing this size? Some people in the comments are suggesting that every part has the plane's serial number on them, which to me sounds implausible, but I would like to hear from you.
It's August in Europe and the continent is on vacation. Bon chance with quick results!
All parts on a plane have part numbers. metal stamped.
Part numbers are vastly different than serial numbers.
this part came off the MH370 everyone on earth knows it. its a 777 flaperon. NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
It must be a flaperon of Boeing 777 Fly MH370, since there were no other Boeing 777 had sunk in this area in the past. It has been about 1 1/2 year and this remote area has very strong rip current which plastic flaperon can be pushed thousand miles far away. Remember, earthquake in Japan 2011, it caused tsunami and pushed boats to California coast which was triple distance than in this case. It's not necessary to take this long until Wednesday for French authorities to find out.
As a commercial jet mechanic, I can tell you David that flaperons are in fact serialized, and the airlines track their serial numbers. Mostly to know when it will be due for overhaul/inspections and such. The part numbers and serial numbers are engraved on metal data tags permanently attached to the part with either rivets or adhesives.
If I'm not mistaken, it only took hours to identify the van McVeigh used in the OKC bombing 20 yrs ago. What's taking so long here?
Come on, you know how they are. They don't want to give information out too quickly because then they wouldn't be able to show you as many of their sponsors' commercials.
The van McVeigh used was intact, and it was found in the same country where the bombing took place. Authorities have found ONE piece from an airplane, 3,000 miles from where it is suspected to have gone down, so this is way beyond the metaphor of comparing apples to oranges. And then there is the matter of respecting the rights of the country to whom the airplane belonged. From CNN news: "Work to conclusively identify the debris will begin midweek, French prosecutors say, but not before a French investigative judge meets with French and Malaysian air transport investigators and Malaysian judicial authorities."
The Government identified the McVeigh van so quickly because they still had the receipt...
USA FBI not investigating the case. Complain about them all you want, but they are geniuses compared to other agencies.
The Ryder van McVeigh use was NOT intact. It was blown to smithereens. But the FBI found the back axle blocks away and quickly traced it to a van that was owned by a rental agency in Oklahoma
Also, McVeigh was not apprehended because of the van. He was pulled over driving a car with no license plate and the cop noticed he was packing a gun. He was actually IN jail for that offence when the FBI put it together that he was the one who rented the van
Thanks for the input everybody. RLS - I believe the van was far from "intact" I think the axle they identified was something like a quarter mile away.
It was several blocks away, and it had a number on it which the FBI used to trace back to the manufacturer and to the VIN. They used the VIN to find out where it had been sold and who owned it at that moment, and a rental agency owned it at that moment. But he was such a #$%$ that he was driving a sedan with no license plates on it headed due north from OK City. The cop noticed he had a gun and immediately took him into custody. He had been in jail for about 3 days when the Feds came looking for him
Uh, because vans don't fly over oceans would be my first guess.
this DT is proof that wisdom does not always come with age
I know it has already been asked, but don't ya'll think Boeing is more equipped than anybody to identify their part?
Yes, but let the French have their show, since the part was found on one of the islands that they acquired as a colonial power.
Boeing has already identified it and there is only one 777 that can not be accounted for.
Yeah, but it's not really a mystery. Everyone agrees that it went down somewhere in the ocean, debris washing ashore simply confirms what everyone knows. It doesn't really do anything to pinpoint the location, either.
Everyone will be thrown for a complete loop when the French investigators, upon opening up the wing section so as to facilitate a more complete identification, find Jimmy Hoffa's skull inside. Whoop!
I wonder why this piece of scrap metal demanded a full police escort as it was delivered to the testing lab?
French afraid thieves would steal it and sell it to a collector.
French afraid the space aliens that planted it would take it back since the aliens are not sure their 3D printer will perfectly match Boeing original when examined under microscope.
Hopefully there is a serial number on the part that they can trace back. I think there are millions of people around the world that followed this story and would like to know what happened. I can't imagine how the family members must feel with this news.
Amazing how some of the victim's family members can still delude themselves that this may not be part of the missing aircraft and their relatives may still be alive, very sad.
My dad died on the operating table 50 years ago. They used his body at the local medical school for teaching purposes, and as a result he really didn't look like my dad in the viewing. My sisters, champions of miracle thinking, hoped that he actually didn't die and it was some kind of conspiracy to fake his death. People tend to hang on to anything they can rather than accept a terrible loss.
Obelisk, obviously you haven't experience losing someone very close and dear to you. There is no blueprint of how one should feel or accept how to act when losing their loved ones.
I still don't understand why they never searched towards Africa and just stuck to what those so called "experts" say it could be? Apparently when that plane made that sharp left, why not follow that straight line instead of going south? Idiots!
The families of flight Mh370 have really been through enough already. Their pain must be unbearable , so why put them through days more for no reason at all. They claim there was a number on the found part, and that number supposedly relates on record to something? The part does not have to be analysed in anyway for someone to be able to tell whether that number relates to that plane, so why do they not just say yes or no to whether it is this flight? Their analyzing could come next week to decipher how it went down braking up before it hit the sea or after, but in the meantime, these families got a definitive answer and can start their grieving process.
@NotImp - Yes, but if they say it's that plane WITHOUT proof they will be liable. Of course it's obvious that the part is from MH370 because the ONLY other 777 that broke up was the one Putin shot down in Ukraine, however the serial number is for ALL 777's so they MUST prove it was THAT 777, not just guess or surmise. It's frustrating, but absolute PROOF is necessary.
I'd be surprised if there's another 777 wing floating in the ocean. How many of these things go down? And how come so few seem to be tracked and found? What's going on with radar? Does it work. When you really need it, it always seems to miss what's important.
The plane was well beyond the range of Radar 1. The pilot had turned off the transponder (Radar 2)
I realize all of that. And it's amazing our eyes on the skies is dependent on the pilot? F that. There should be radar stations everywhere regardless of the pilot clicking the off button. What about things like incoming enemy nuclear rockets? Or asteroids? Or whatever. We can't see squat. And that's scary since radar stations can't be that expensive but the good they do is huge. Whatever. I'm just disappointed all our technology is garbage when you need it. It's out of range.... That's a joke, right? Nope. It really only is in range directly over major cities and that's it. That's a great defensive system we've got.
what wrong with the satellite the one every spend billions on to look down earth with
Michael - The radar that watches for incoming enemy nuclear armed rockets watches the areas from which the rockets would come. That does not include the middle of the Indian Ocean. Apparently you are not aware that radar literally burns people. It is irresponsible to fill the skies with radar frequency electromagnetic radiation to watch in case a pilot in the middle of a remote ocean turns off his plane's transponder in order that his plane cannot be found when he intentionally runs it into an ocean. The people are already dead anyway. It is not a matter of cost. It is a matter of human safety. We already have an overload of electromagnetic radiation: some people are getting neurological problems from it.
The French are very capable of doing an accurate analysis. Hopefully there's no foul play here---a planted part by the Malaysians to try to get this over with. It's odd that in a massive ocean like this, an "important piece of evidence" washed up on a pinprick of an island. Truly a needle in a haystack.
The French BEA is very capable, equivalent to NTSB and in terms of releasing information better than NTSB which is confined by bureaucratic BS.....and can't release anything for years after its been filtered through layers of gov't into a final report. This is why we knew within a week what happened with the Germanwings flight.
Definitely. They have very good labs and really smart people----and are usually forthcoming. I trust that it will be done right by the French.
"The French are very capable of doing an accurate analysis" yeah, when and if ever they feel like it.
Go eat your french fries einstein.
It couldn't possibly be from anything other than flight MH370. It is the only missing 777 in the world. All the others have their flaperons attached!
I think they need to mark or stamp all pieces of each plane part in someway before the plane is built new so that this would be easier for them to identify as to which plane these parts are from.
That would be too embarrassing for Airbus ...
If they already do that then why are they needing to take this to a lab for analizing??
Because, as with crashes in the US, there are official ways to conduct investigations rather than rely on the neighborhood constable on the scene. There is likely to be much more information to be gained by examining the debris in a lab setting, as well.
they do mark all pieces. that is why they IDd this one. They still have investigation/lab protocol to fulfill to ensure authenticity.
Maybe the cost of discreet serial numbers on every conceivable airplane part and the systems for tracking them might be better spent on improving the global tracking systems for aircraft while in-flight.
The lab undoubtedly has advanced materials science testing capabilities. The analysts and engineers will look for clues that may give some indication as to what attitude the aircraft was in when it collided with the sea by examining telltale signs of the forces exerted on the flaperon. Among other things, knowing the attitude of the aircraft was in when it hit the water could be very useful in refining the search area.
WOW! I can now sleep since Mar. 8 2014. I now need to know the names to the people who off loaded the part and who motorcaded it to the lab. This is of the utmost importance!
Take it easy Jose Gonzales, lots of people are interested in this... I'm sure there's a pork rind or MSG wheel you can be pouring hot sauce on somewhere in a 2 bedroom house with no air conditioning, so go make yourself useful.
Come on Cleatis Hatfield, finish that meth batch.
This is all so much BS. Either it's a piece of the plane or not. This is not brain surgery. Get it done so the families can have some piece.
I meant "peace" the 2nd time.
They should check out Kerguelen Islands. That's in the Indian Ocean; owned by the French, too. Lots of waves and wind and ocean and stuff.
Probably another suicide pilot. It's the only explanation.
Wow the tension builds. Play by play action, hour by hour reporting. Don't you love the media!
In my opinion, if it's just one piece they found, it should be called a debri. Calling it debris is too confusing.
'Debri' is actually an acceptable alternate spelling, but it upsets the French. Unfortunately, both spellings are singular and plural.
I believe "a piece of the debris" could be more accurate actually.
For those who asked why the part was flown to France instead of Boeing, it's because Reunion Island ties with France. In other words, there are direct flights to France although why it was not sent to America from there is unfathomable
A tragic situation, but the humor is it was an American built plane, flown by a Malaysian airline, a part of which floated to an island in the Indian ocean, retrieved and taken to France for analysis. Shouldn't the part have been taken to Boeing, which is the "expert" on their own aircraft?
If the mountain doesn't go to Boeing, Boeing goes to the mountain. Their engineers flew out yesterday to France just for the purpose of analyzing this part.
@james, - I wondered about that too. Apparently the French lab that investigated the Air France crash from Rio to Paris is the one doing this, so maybe they have 'experience' with "water crashes" or something? Otherwise, Boeing should get the part.
The legal reason is because it was discovered on French territory, so they have first dibs.
'course anyone French can't find their own adze with both hands. Answer is probably usual francophone skullduggery… steal plane secrets from Boeing for Airbus.
The article clearly states "US aerospace giant Boeing said in a statement Friday that it would send a technical team to France to study the plane part." Far more details are available in a CNN news article, including the fact the NTSB is sending investigators to France. From CNN: "The debris was placed in a crate for the trip to France, where it will be taken to a lab operated by the French General Directorate of Armament. That agency has sophisticated equipment and expertise to quickly identify the plane the debris belongs to and what happened to it, a source close to the French investigation told CNN."
We are at peace with France so no need to attack each other's motives or actions. Of course we've had some differences, but America came to Frances rescue in WW2 and France sent us the Statue of Liberty in recognition and thanks. We are allies in the world and must remember that there are a lot of enemies of BOTH France and America which are the REAL countries to be suspicious and wary of. America and France are FRIENDS and we value that fact. Boeing's team and the French team with TOGETHER find the result of this development, as it should be.
@Douglas, the Statue of Liberty was dedicated on October 28, 1886. WW II lasted from 1939 to 1945.
@james - You are correct. How embarrassing that I mistakenly thought it was after WW2, when it was actually different. Upon research I now discover that "The Statue of Liberty was a gift from the French people commemorating the alliance of France and the United States during the American Revolution." (at least I knew it was one of our wars, ha, ha) However my reason for mentioning it is the same; America and France are friendly ALLIES.
So they found a flap almost a week ago and they finally move it to some exotic place in France and now they have to wait til the french get finished with their long weekend to take a look at the part. Hope it doesn't interrupt their lunch. Maybe they will actually confirm it is from the missing plane by next week. Can govt move any slower????
The French hate to be bothered ya know.
This has to be classified as "BREAKING NEWS" I already told Malaysia Airlines that it is indeed from the missing plane. I hope I didn't spoil everything for the investigators.
I feel sorry for the families of the victims of this flight - this aircraft piece being found probably brings that terrible day back.
How many 777 planes have went down in the indian ocean? It can't be very many I would not think? Now, a question for some aviation people, given the time the plane has been in the water, even if the main wreckage could be found, would the black boxes still be intact to get flight data. The batteries are dead I know, but could they still be downloaded?
Wrong tactical move. The debris should stay at Reunion Island and let the experts come and examine it. They are lucky, the plane carrying the debris did not crash again!
I would still like to know why it is going to a Froggy Lab? Ok La Reunion is French but surely Boeing would be able to analyze the wing part better and produce a faster response. Noting the serial number has been circulated on the Web, yet Boeing have kept their mouths shut !!! Conspiracy is in action mode! And the Knoll is still under surveillance as a suspect in the JFK murder.............
How do you know they have not said something. Because someone in the media hasn't said so? They report what they want to.
We'd have a real life version of the old TV show Lost if these people are still alive but the chances of that are basically zero. I still think it was a suicide/homicide. Don't worry, CNN will be doing another 5 month long coverage of this again!
The part number and serial number will ID it as a part from this lost plane. The marine life growing on it can indicate a given area that it floated through but not much else. So until we find a lot more debris all we'll know is it went down in the Indian Ocean and I think most people already knew that.
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, From July 2014: Boeing 777 hoax: Although there were zero dead the total number of "women and girls" killed by the nazzos in Donetsk and Lugansk is more than ten times the illuminati media's "conservative estimate" of 626 until Jun 2014. news.yahoo.---/more-6-400-killed-amid-tremendous-hardship-ukraine-112335104.html BASICS All fake: from still ongoing Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine to Boston Marathon bombings ending with anyone sentenced to death for anythin": "Putin" in the MAIN role to convince the audience that these are real events. Not to mention theater such as "FIFA Blatter reelected only to be arrested and jailed". Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine The core lie of an event totally staged with actors: - a plane crashed, or in other words: there were not ZERO dead passengers. This is the core lie because exposing it implies exposing two underlying core lies: - "Putin" is NOT part of the conspiracy. - government of Republic of Donetsk, installed after the May 16 coup with russian Alexander Borodai as prime-minister, is NOT part of the conspiracy. Reminder: The most important reason to use fake instead of real victims is to have everyone in the cast say nothing but what is scripted. Had a real airliner been downed the victim's families would blame the obvious culprits not the scripted ones. ** end-times-reductionism.blog+spot -- 2014/07
I still feel this is a case of pilot suicide -- and most likely the captain--for the following reasons. 1) The transponder was disabled shortly after taking off to avoid detection. Only pilots can do this. In the Germanwings flight, the younger pilot locked the door to the cockpit so the captain could not reenter upon using the restroom. Only a pilot can do this. 2) The captain of the Malaysia Air flight was having marital issues. The younger Germanwings pilot and his girlfriend had just broken off their relationship. 3) The Malaysia Air captain had a flight simulator in his home and was practicing various types of landings. The Germanwings co-pilot was researching various means of crashing the plane. 4) The Malaysia Air captain flew over his native village--a source of past joy-- when he turned the plane southward. The Germanwings pilot flew over an area of the Alps where he and his family vacationed. When the blackbox is eventually found, the mystery will be solved but my hunch is still pilot suicide.
M: Or pilot homicide. There's a huge elephant in the room that people are very unwilling to talk about. Why is that?
Respectfully disagree. 1) Any member of the flight crew could turn off the transponder, not just the Captain. I have never heard if anyone checked the plane for stowaways prior to flight- for all we know hijackers were hiding in the E+E bay below the cockpit, and the hatch is not lockable. Malaysian has never addressed whether the plane was properly locked, whether it was under video surveillance, etc. 2) Who says pilot was having marriage issues? Family denies it- wife said he didn't like to stay home alone in big house while her husband was away is why she was at son's house. 3) The Captain was obsessed with aviation and also made/flew RC aircraft in his spare time. No crime in having a flight simulator and forensic investigation of it didn't show anything unusual. 4) No proof that Captain was in control of plane, and flying it after it turned from it's course- this is pure speculation. Route aircraft took was on a line to Penang where Malaysian has a major maintenance base so we could also speculate someone was trying to fly a crippled plane to a base for emergency landing or help. To put it bluntly, there is no evidence one way or the other, so anyone can speculate or say anything they want. Only real fact we have is it is missing, and this discovery supports the theory it went into Indian Ocean.
@AngeloM: oh yeah that must be it. adjust your tin foil hat and also tell us the location of the wreckage.
@Commenter: bwahahaahahahaahaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!! there's 'Commenter' again. this pitiful soul has over 10,000 comments posted on Yahoo. what a pathetic life.
Investigators must not rule out global warming as a contributing factor to the plane's disappearance.
Liberal progressive democrats would love to go after someone and accuse him of naivety and stupidity, who will not believe in their heresy of the self-contradicted global warming theory! It is ironic that their lives are just a fraction of the Earth's billions-year-old history for them to make believe they are right on the money!
Amen USA2016. My post about global warming mocks the very folks you are talking about.
Boeing are as defective as Toyota run away cars but because Boeing is protected by the US government it does not have to recall its planes. Boeing center fuel tanks have explosion problems French Boeing parts fell over China because of metal stress (bad union workers quality) Singaporean Boeing lost power to all its engines Hong Kong Boeing smoke in the cabin need to make emergency landing in Alaska Boeing receives public money so it is basically a State corporation but profits flow to the private sector.
don't really know much do you? 777 probably has highest safety record out there. and yes, aero engineer here. airbus, if you want to talk gov money...well they are gov subsidized, always have been.
btw, the FAA does issue grounding orders if there is a concern. go back under your ignorant rock.
FAA is the arm of the USA government. FAA says to check all Boeings for fuel tank problem. If FAA grounds all Boeing, it would be both financial harm to Boeing and RUIN Boeing's reputation. This the US government will not do.
you don't work in the industry, do you? we addressed things like center fuel tanks yrs ago. you have no idea how over engineered these planes are for safety. how about structural safety margins, engine burst margins, etc.? there's no reason to ground most a/c types. if you want to compare to autos, be my guess, as their safety record isn't anything close to planes, commercial or private.
This is just more proof that the New World Order is trying to conceal the fact that they commandeered this plane and exchanged the passengers with aliens from outer space for new super secret technology that will give them weapons to help subdue Tea Party Patriots when Obama gives the signal to start the take over that will begin before the end of his presidency. Obviously. All you Patriots......and you know who you are...don't let your guard down. Only an idiot would think this is actually "debris" from a 777. All the facts point towards Obama getting ready for the Take Over.
The super-secret technology being mind erasing OBAMA wrist bands.COMING! To a store near you!
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ The script is explained in link. "Putin", a nazi agent, is part of staging the fake "downed Boeing" act, As for where Obama/Osama fits in that picture: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Boeing 777 Originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk: end-times-prophet.blogs+pot. -- /2014/03/
I think Boeing should make boats. Can anyone explain how a 6 foot by whatever chunk of aluminum wing part can float for 15 months? Is it filled with foam?
Has air chambers. They could make good boats~!
It is a complex piece on the inside, with internal ribs and stringers to give it the structural strength to be able to hang down in winds of 200+ MPH. The internal framework creates excellent spaces for air pockets, giving it buoyancy. Fill your bathtub, then put some of your pots and pans in the water upside down. Easy to get an aluminum pan to float, not to mention that much of the piece is made of lightweight synthetic composites. Think high tech Fiberglas- lighter than aluminum.
The 777 flaperons are made of aluminum alloy, NOT composite, jack S.
it doesn't take a rocket scientist. I can analyze that piece of the wing from right here. yes, it came from the missing plane, and yes, it's been floating in the ocean for a year.
John is absolutely right. Robert can't. But I certainly can.
Can you analyze the sea life stuck to it? Some good marine biologists will probably be able to say where and when the barnacles, and such, attached themselves. And then they'll have a better idea where the plane went down. Sea life varies according to latitude and water temperature. And the French are great at marine biology.
France? Seriously? Why not sent it Boeing, Everett, where it was built?
It's on a French protectorate. It likely will be sent to Washington at some point.
Because there's more involved since its an aircraft crash. Investigative agencies take over, not the manufacturer. BEA, the French investigative agency, equivalent to the NTSB is investigating because the debris was found in French territory. They do the same thing NTSB does and consult the aircraft manufacturer but there's also other expertise involved. Boeing technical team is flying to France to assist, that's pretty normal procedure. BEA is highly capable and experienced, they've been leading the Germanwings investigation and spent a long time with the AF447 crash investigation recently as well.
This will help relatives collect the insurance money. I have little doubt the Ins. Co.'s have been holding back on forking over the money.
The avaricious insurance hucksters scream like a woman every time they have to put any money out as their main concern is to take money, just like the banksters and the fecal government.
The Malaysian government declared it as "crashed with no survivors" some months ago, so that the insurance companies would pay out.
After examining the debris, France surrendered.
I mean, how can used airline parts generate the same kind of robust conversation that a dead Black Skin or two dead Salty Dogs can stimulate?
I would guess this plane was hidden for the last year and was recently wrecked in the ocean or a few pieces thrown in just to mess with the investigation. The original facts that it went off radar in every which way, turned completely around, and disappeared with absolutely no trace for almost a year and a half makes it all suspicious. This is one story I cant wait to get solved.
The sea growth on the flaperon accounts for a year in the water.
I don't get it, I know this was a foreign owned aircraft but why wouldn't they send these parts to Boeing who built the 777 for examination. I'm sure Boeing would be able to say over night if these parts were from a 777 and probably be able to say if they are from MH370.
Because this was probably thought up by the same "experts" that were looking for the plane in the WRONG places.
The French BEA can identify the debris, jd, plus they can possibly determine much, much more. Boeing is an aircraft manufacturer; BEA is an investigative agency.
And BTW hero John Smythe, you really don't think Boeing could identify any number that they put on those parts that were found??
My first reply to you didn't go through for some reason John Smythe. I'll reword it nicely for you this time. Do you even know what BEA is???? Probably not. And yes John Smythe, I know what BEA is hero, I have been in the aviation industry for 35 years. Keyboard commandoes like yourself should really stay out of things you know nothing about. Have a nice day you aviation expert.
Usually a plane breaks up upon impact, why now minor pieces of the puzzle on shore, I feel bad for all the family's and what they are going through all these months. closure needs to come for all the heartache these people are going through.
I followed this from the beginning. Want to know what happened to the MH370 flight? If you read this in its entirety, I’m sure you will agree. First, read the excerpts from Wiki to understand how it was hijacked: WIKI WAS (change right after disappearance): New update from Wiki: The Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP), is a system designed to take control of a commercial aircraft away from the pilot or flight crew, chiefly in the event of a hijacking, and allow the craft to be remotely controlled to a landing at a designated airstrip. The action can be initiated either by crew or by government entities on the ground. History Contract for the system was awarded in 2006.[1] Installation began in 2007 with full implementation in Boeing craft anticipated by 2009. However, the retroactive nature of the integration with key original craft systems prompted the manufacturer, the Boeing Corporation, to make disclaimers that it could no longer assure the craft could not in effect be hacked by non-authorized entities:[citation needed] WIKI NOW: There have been claims that the technology has been secretly fitted to some commercial airliners. A former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Mahathir Mohamad, has suggested that the use of such technology was implicated in the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.[7] Dr Mahathir claimed that Boeing, the plane’s maker, and ‘certain’ government agencies, have the ability to remotely take over control of commercial airliners such as the missing Boeing 777.[8][9] A former commercial airline pilot has claimed that the technology was associated with the loss of Germanwings Flight 9525.[10] According to Bob Mann, of R.W. Mann & Co., a New York-based airline industry and consulting firm, there is no evidence that the Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot has ever been used in a commercial airliner.[11] Safety concerns, including the possibility that such a system could be hacked, have prevented its roll-out. [12] I've followed this system for well over a decade, and watched Field McConnell (former pilot) try to bring the inherent danger of this system to the public's attention. The disclaimer in the first Wiki post stating the system may be hijacked on retrofitted aircraft is a lie was added, which is why it needs a citation. New installs and the retrofitted aircraft use the same remote engagement code criteria. The system cuts all electrical power to the cockpit (and all aircraft communications), and engages an inaccessible secondary power supply to run the flight computer and engage a remote override. The pilots or helpless and just along for the ride. They are basically on all large Boeing commercial aircraft. It was pretty evident this was used when the facts came out. Why didn't the experts tell us about this during the thousands of hours of analysis on TV and in the press? Only one thing I can think of...a National Security Letter to the media. I didn't get one so here you go. You see, the US government has all the encrypted codes and the VHF or satellites to initiate it. It was pretty evident this was used when the facts came out within a week. Why didn't the experts tell us about this system during the thousands of hours of analysis on TV and in the press? Only one thing I can think of...a National Security Letter to the media. I didn't get one (maybe tomorrow), so here you go. You see, the US government is the only ones with the all encrypted codes and the VHF or satellites to initiate the system, other than the pilots which can engage it from the cockpit without codes. Once engaged, it can only be disengaged on the ground. It flies what are known as "waypoints", or coordinate locations in the sky. MH370 flew through waypoints Vampi, turned right to Gival and then toward Igrex headed up the Strait of Malacca. The US government contends that before reaching Gival, the aircraft turned toward the Indian Ocean, based on "Alleged" pings. That's a problem, because the aircraft doesn't deviate course to its next waypoint until the present one on course has been reached. If the pilots had engaged the BUAP system, it would have automatically landed back where it came from. It had a flight plan downloaded, so the only thing the aircraft could do was follow it. If there were pings at all, it was accomplished by a “flyby”, an aircraft with the duplicated “handshake ping” flew by MH370, turned the ACARS signal on and flew over the ocean, turning it off when the aircraft was calculated to be out of fuel. MH370 went on to land at Veer Savarkar and disembark the passengers. From there, anything is possible with the aircraft, including removing a flaperon to be submerged in sea water and be planted later. When the aircraft left Malaysian active radar (and the ACARS pings immediately appeared), it was already in range from the radar at Veer Savarkar airport on Andaman Island in India. You'll have to search and read all the conflicting BS from India and the US in regard to this for yourself, it's almost comically insulting. Another fact is that when the airliner disappeared off Malaysian radar, its flight path through waypoint Igrex was a direct path to Veer. I looked up Veer at the time. Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair on Andaman Island is a joint international civilian airport shared with the Indian Naval Air. Civilian operations are (were) always closed at night, and the Indian Naval Air has all jurisdiction for the running of the airport. It sits in the oncoming path of flight MH370 at the edge of the Andaman Sea. It has more than ample runway to land a 777, and the ILS capabilities to couple the flight computer and land it remotely. They didn't even need the lights on. No civilians would have seen it, and only a few even hear it, thinking it was a just another Indian Naval Air transport. Our government is presently trying to imply these BUAP aircraft systems aren't on board yet, by coercing popular information websites (like Wiki) to "imply" they are not. The quote in the latest Wiki description is almost as comical: "According to Bob Mann, of R.W. Mann & Co., a New York-based airline industry and consulting firm, there is no evidence that the Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot has ever been used in a commercial airliner.[11] Safety concerns, including the possibility that such a system could be hacked, have prevented its roll-out. [12]" Well Bob Mann (troll nobody), it has been rolled out, as admitted in the last five WIKI previous changes prior to this one, and the system has been all over the internet for years. As for proof: MH370 was a prime example of the operation of the system. MH17 had communications cut before it was downed. Control was turned over to Russian ATC, prior to the downing, and transmitted several messages to the aircraft, none were returned. Kiev refused to turn over their ATC tower control tapes when initially requested to, for several months at least. In the AirAsia crash, the cockpit voice recorder had the pilot leaving his seat in the middle of a crash dive and trying to rip out the flight computer from the instrument deck. Wonder why? I don't. Mr. Choi from france's Alstrom Power was on that flight with his daughter, and one of the first bodies to be identified. Mr. Choi was a senior official at Alstrom, and a potential witness to bribes to US officials in the sector buyout awarded GE, with the other competitors Mitsubishi and Siemens. Don't let the fact the Germanwings crash was an Airbus airliner. Honeywell has the similar system on Airbus, developed along side with Boeing. Pilots are well trained for emergencies, especially German pilots. What would I have done if the copilot was unresponsive? I would immediately had a stewardess get on the satellite phone and have ground control unlock the cockpit door by remote. They have that capability, just for emergencies like these. A call was never made durng the several minutes it slowly ascended into the mountain. Why was no call made. Communications were cut. Why was the German government accusing the pilot before the flight data recorder was even found or the investigation hardly started? Duh.... So really Bob Mann, no proof? I admit.. one's missing, one is blown up with the avionics burned to a crisp, and one is scattered all over a mountain. Was the AirAsia flight avionics retrieved? The proof lies in the black boxes and containment of the anti terrorist systems themselves, ut under control by the same governments that were part of the crash. If you fly, know the risks and that these modules are on board. MH370 was hijacked by the on board anti-terrorist system installed, and the US government and media blatantly lied. The media is trying to now convince the public that car driving control can be hacked into, and similar articles are appearing that hackers can disrupt or take over an airplane. One problem, even if it were possible, which it s not, the first thing the pilots would do is have all electronic equipment turned off and switch to manual pilot. Be careful folks, and know who the real terrorists are. Wiki, you should be ashamed. You no longer have any credibility whatsoever.
Conspiracy theory or not, this was quite a read.
Anyone believing this was a conspiracy has been completely debunked by the finding of the aircraft parts and suitcase material. The conspiracy theories rely on the aircraft being used for nefarious purposes after the supposed 'hijacking'. It's been almost 1 and a half YEARS and that has NOT happened. Hence, NO CONSPIRACY. Paranoid people with wild speculations are NOT to be believed. The above rant cited zero documentation, evidence or proof of it's baseless claims.
Douglas, don't think the whole thing was scripted from the beginning and the wing part planted? For all you know, MH17 was MH370. BUAP was obviously used in it also. Really, how dumb and gullible are you?
@Maserati - Not as dumb and gullible as YOU are to believe that a plane that was shot down and destroyed into burned ruble has an unburned, fully intact piece as large as the 777 flaperon to "plant" anywhere. Really. We all saw the photos of what was left of the plane that was shot down and I can assure you there was no undamaged, full size flaperon.
and Maseratti - You are also proven incorrect by the suitcase and contents which have been traced to China and Malaysia - NOT Russia. The ocean currents support the probability that these parts came from exactly where the last known radar signals from the engine signature showed the plane was heading to. YOU don't make a good investigator.
Douglas, obviously you're unable to grasp this is a scritped US OP. Did you see the pictures of the suitcases? Yes there are two being touted by the "accredited" media. The first was a polyester suitcase, and it was allegedly sent to France for DNA testing. It didn't look like it spent a day in seawater. That didn't fly, so now they are claiming it ws the aluminum suitcase, which also didn't spend a year in seawater...it's pristie showing it on the beach. They may be from MH370. It was landed at Veer Savarkar after being remotely hijacked by the US. They could scuttle the aircraft anytime they wqnted after that. It's not what the media tells you son, it's the lies and ommissions they don't tell you. Why didn't the media and government tell you about BUAP. They are now trying to claim it didn't exist on the aircraft. For us in aviation, that's total BS. Pilots have their licenses threatened f they speak, and the media BS is protected by the excuse of a National Security letter. You're being jerked off by the government and media. Since you're obviously not bright enough to know it, just sit back and enjoy the BS drama.
BTW, pictures of MH17 had large segments of the fuselage intact. Some were burned beyond the recognition of even being an aircraft. Didn't say MH17 was MH370, just that it is possible. You have no knowledge of physics, aviation or technology whatsoever. All you have is blend belief in our fascist government and puppet mouthpiece media. What are you, like 16 years old?
does it require a brain surgeon to determine there only one 777 missing... start combing the ocean floor guys
If you plan to continue making inane comments please do us a favor and call yourself Moon spirit or something else.
Oh come on. Why are you taking so long - stalling for time while you contrive some misleading controversial comments? Just tell us if it is part of the missing plane or not. Just say it, straight and simple.
The authorities are taking the time to VERIFY this part came from MH370. It is currently in the hands of aviation experts who specialize in this type of analysis. Can you wait a few more hours? If they wanted to mislead us, they would have come out immediately with some #$%$ story. The fact that they did not do that, tells me that they are taking a good look at the evidence.
I found this on CNN, and it explains why this is taking so long: "Work to conclusively identify the debris will begin midweek, French prosecutors say, but not before a French investigative judge meets with French and Malaysian air transport investigators and Malaysian judicial authorities." It seems there are legal matters that need to be settled, which I rather imagine are related to the unthinkable amount of monetary liability involved. I imagine both Boeing and the NTSB have asked France to hold off until their experts are allowed to examine the debris. Why are you so quick to cry foul, when this is simply a matter of following protocol? Anyone can concoct a lie in under a minute, but it takes time to find the truth.
U.S. Strategic Air Command is able to see all aircraft and space objects around the globe! Satellite based ground facing radar even sees in bad weather. Someone knows what happened.
There hasn't been a Strategic Air Command since the mid 80s. That plus if no satellite was positioned there at the time, it would be unlikely any of them would see this plane . Most satellites up there are for your cell phone, internet and other global communication such as GPS. Do you realize just how many planes are flying around the skies at any given moment? I seriously doubt any country had a SPY satellite in that deserted area of the Indian Ocean or over Malaysia.
i agree with James. Why is a Boeing part being analyzed by France. By the time their done Airbus will have a BLUEPRINT of the internal structure of the wing. Doesn't sound good for Boeing.
It's part of the flaperon, not part of the wing itself. I doubt there are any big secrets there.
Having fun: Conspiracy theorists say this proves nothing. Flaperon is "red herring" that terrorists in Uzbekistan removed from airplane and then shipped the part to the water to be found floating in the Indian Ocean!
Gullible MORONS! I can tell you as a former Boeing employee that once they know the p/n (part number) they know the a/c #(aircraft make and model it went into) and who bought it. This whole thing is just news media dragging the story out, with NO frickin' consideration for the families and others! SHAME on you Yahoo AND so-called news people!!!!!
It has not been confirmed by Boeing yet. Why are you blaming the media for sticking to the facts? It would be premature of them say it belongs to MH370, even though we know it couldn't have come from anything else.
I want to hear highly paid "expert" Mary Schiavo completely dismiss the fact yet again that the pilot was as big a wacko as the Lufthansa nutjob.
Very early, she ridiculed other CNN highly paid "talking heads" for even suggesting that the disappearance was the result of a deliberate act rather than an accident. I heard it several times myself, ad nauseum.
Who says pilot was nutjob? I've never seen or heard any reliable evidence, just a bunch of rantings on the internet. Where's the proof? What's your source?
OK, then he wasn't a nutjob. Neither was the Lufthansa dude. Don't take my word for it. It was caused by Rod Serling's gremlins. Now I know.
You know, America find a needle in a haystack, so to speak, but yet they couldn't locate a Boeing 777? Yeah right! I guess somebody has all the answers but not telling! Anyway, what is done in the dark will soon see the light and will be exposed. Go figure.
It is announcing a 50 city tour this fall. Look for show times in your area. It is spending they day sightseeing at the Eifel tower & will have dinner with John Kerry Sunday at his 4 star hotel.
Yahoo needs to include a "BREAKING NEWS!" bar in bold red letters, that is also flashing with a strobe effect that reads, "PLANNED PARENTHOOD, IMPORTANT STORY, READ THIS FIRST, FOR THE 10TH TIME!" so that all these lunatics can stop posting about it on every article I read. Heck I was reading a Cajun Chicken Pasta recipe on here, and there they were, posting about why can yahoo have the time to post a recipe, but not cover PP...
Next Story -- Box cutter procured to open package. Then -- Protective packaging removed. --- Protective packaging placed in trash container --- In humanitarian gesture, barnacles returned to Reunion Island. --- Investigators ask for brighter lights. --- Brighter lights procured. --- Extension cord procured for brighter lights. --- Investigator retrieves glasses from shirt pocket. --- Investigator puts on glasses. --- Investigator focuses eyes... --- Image of flaperon reaches investigator's retinas... --- Brain cells react to image transmitted from retinas...
I keep getting censored by yahoo when I mention that the hijacking of this plane is covered quite well in Youtube features. ---Communist China hijacked the plane. ----Why? -----Because it was carrying, amongst others, an elite group of Computer researchers and cutting-edge designers from California, on their way to an international conference. ---The designers (more than 20 of them) are presumably under duress--perhaps torture--by the Red Chinese, to get what they know. ---There is considerable circumstantial evidence of this---it is NOT just some "conspiracy theory" . Find it---on Utube.
"The group of elite experts were kidnapped on their way to an international conference". Hmmm... where was the conference being held at that time? Where was Flight MH370 scheduled to be heading to? Tokyo? Seoul? And why were the so-called elite group of computer researchers & designers sitting in this flight which was definitely heading to Beijing? Conclusion: Only a moron would have thought of such stupid theory. Or a liar.
P/S: There was another (more reliable) conspiracy theory. The plane carried some people with "high valued" technology details (secrets) & they were heading to Beijing. A certain country where the technology secrets originated from learned about the group's destination. They programmed the plane to make a U-turn to land on an unidentified airbase somewhere in the Indian Ocean & his the plane. That's why they still can't find it.
Amazing how long it takes to figure out something that should be obvious by now....if there's no other 777 that crashed in the Indian Ocean...then it's MH370! All these agencies and organizations have to act and pretend that they're so much smarter than the rest of us...and that they are the only ones capable of figuring it out...over several days. No wonder govt. is sooooo incompetent and slow. The only question left is how far off were they in their estimation of where the plane went down and why?
No what they want is a final confirmation. The families of those lost deserve 100% confirmation and if people like yourself want to act like this is some kind of disservice to the public too smurfing bad.
Of course, it's also possible the corrupt and incompetent Malaysian government is behind this "discovery." They, more than anyone else, want this story to go away once and for all.
It's not about you. It's about the people whose loved ones were on that plane. They deserve all the information, and they deserve to have it established methodically and carefully. So, how would YOU have approached locating an airplane in the vastness of the Southern Ocean with your only information being a record of system pings that were never designed for location functions. Would you use Partial Component Analysis? Kernal Partial Least Squares regression? What's your preferred processing language to do sophisticated signal analysis? Alternatively, since you have no clue what it involves how about you hush about it.
GG: Will you at least acknowledge that the reason we had no idea where the plane went down is because it was deliberately taken off course and "hidden?" Do we need to be "methodical and careful" to determine that? No, we know what happened.
Amazing how ridiculous it is that Yahoo is front-paging the fact that this thing has been unloaded in France. Next article will report that the forklift has loaded into a truck. Then that the truck is en route to the forensic lab. Then that another forklift has removed it from the truck ...
Josh- where you been? CNN already showed all that.
Jeff - It could never be planted so it must be from MH370. Great logic. Don't be a detective.
Jeff.. There is a formal protocol that must take place for the sake of the families and the rest of the civilized world. This is not the right time for bashing government officials who are doing the best they can. Show a bit of respect man.
You haven't read the 101 conspiracy theories that pretend they're so much smarter than the experts in this case. A good portion never believe the truth anyway regardless of the facts. Slow as it may be, the science directors of many disciplines will take level headed analysis. You may have an opinion, but your incompetency involving scientific study is obvious. It also requires the authorities to double check even the so called easiest to answer questions, neglecting to do so would be incompetent. The buck stops at their door, fortunately not at yours. Your study is dependent on media views that are often misrepresented or biased
Neil: I don't disagree with much of what you wrote----but you do realize how corrupt some of the governments involved in this are, don't you? And you do realize that especially for Malaysia, the faster this is put to rest, the better, right? They don't want a peep about their pilots bringing this plane down deliberately----they want to sweep this under the carpet as quickly and painlessly as possible. That in itself doesn't prove anything, but it has to be considered if you're looking at this objectively. Will you agree that this was totally bungled in the first hours/days after the plane disappeared? Will you also agree that some of the same parties are still involved in the investigation? The same incompetent and very biased parties? It's sort of like the Dutch authorities in Aruba investigating the Natalie Holloway disappearance.
@Jeff: Debris can drift thousands of miles in the open ocean. Some of the debris from Fukushima reached the Pacific Coast, and that's a distance of about 5,000 miles. This doesn't mean the tsunami occurred near the US coast, any more than it means the flaperon was on a plane that crashed near La Reunion. Unlike you, who seems to have all the questions already answered, the authorities are following a protocol that requires the flaperon to be examined by experts before stating that the part came from MH370.
OK; so a piece of heavy metal washes up on a beach like Styrofoam?. Yeah, right. Already smacks of FALSIFIED EVIDENCE.
Friday 11 April 2014 15.48 AEST MH370: Australia 'very confident' pings are from black box, says prime minister Tony Abbott says searchers think underwater signals are coming from wreckage of Malaysia Airlines plane. We've already seen the Australians jump the gun, maybe they should wait this time.
The Australians just got a little too excited, they don't get on the world's stage much.
Boy do they work slow. Pictures of the part could have been analyzed on Wednesday and confirmed by now.
Yeah, but stay in suspense, stay tuned and watch our commercials while we drag this out for weeks.
This is really simple, really. The flaperon has a part number on it: 657-BB. The Boeing 777 maintenance manual shows this part number, 657-BB, on one of the flaperons. There is only one 777 that's missing and in that same general vicinity - MH370. So this flaperon came from a 777, and the only possible contributor is MH370. I'm not watching any of their stupid commercials; nope, not me.
Since there's been no other 777 in the world that has crashed, it seems pretty obvious that this is from that plane. Hopefully it will be confirmed soon so that these families can have closure.
Meant to say 'crashed into the Indian ocean'...
Good luck with the incompetent French. They take the whole month of August off as a national holiday. These incompetent fools will take months to determine anything. It should have been sent straight to Boeing in Washington State
THIRD MISDIRECT IN A ROW BROUGHT TO US BY THE BRAINLESS DOLTS CALLING THEMSELVES YAHOO ENGINEERS. WHAT A BUNCH OF LIARS!
Why do the first two paragraphs still speak of the part not as yet being confirmed as from MH370, while later paragraphs say that the serial number confirms it is from that plane? What are the odds of that part just falling off the plane, while the plane continued on to some unknown destination?
They don't have a serial number. All they have is a 'part' number. Authorities are avoiding a knee-jerk reaction and are being careful to determine if THIS part came from MH370. I applaud them for their discretion, even though its difficult to wait for an answer.
@RLS - Yes, you're right. However it's interesting that there is NO other possible 777 that it COULD have come from and everyone is so reluctant to say what's so very obvious. I agree, however that it must be substantiated in Paris.
The only mystery now is the 'solution' they've been trying to lead by the nose to.
Having fun: United admits they have lost three Flaperons from airplanes. Could be anybody's part.
@MH - You're wrong. Only two 777's have broken up like that, one was shot down by Putin over Ukraine and the other was MH370. The Asiana mishap in SFO only lost the tailcone and had burn damage. It's obviously MH370 and will be PROVEN in days or hours.
My only question is this: Why haven't the aliens returned the entire plane yet? C-Pup
Because it is at their ammusement park.
They're afraid of freaking out the liberals.
they will return it at the same time they return your brain?
Aliens put plane in a museum so their fellow aliens can look at old inferior Earth technology. It makes them feel superior to Earthlings- they tend to be defensive since they're all so short. Gives them an inferiority complex.
It has become a science fair project for Alien elementary school students to replicate in their Alien garages.
Who -makes sense, but can Aliens use their 3D printers to replicate people yet?
They don't use 3-D printers. They just take a strand of DNA and put it in their cloning machine. 3 weeks later they have new pet human to play with.
Investigators need to be sure to consider the role that global warming may have played in this incident.
An unidentified plane flying toward Diego Garcia where the US keeps B 52 bombers and KC 135 planes will be shot down by US Navy vessels patrolling this base in the middle of the Indian Ocean. Remember the USS Vincennes? I so hope it wasn't us this time!
So what if it is? They are dead and not coming back. Much to do about nothing. Money and time spent that wont change a thing. Pay the people off and let them get on with their lives. Bizarre and morbid about these plane crashes. try to find survivors hell yes but pieces of a plane, ridicules
How many 777 planes have gone down within the radius of 3000 miles? They have a part number? They can narrow the time with the crabs on it? I understand it takes some time but can't they eliminate some of these and other variables? If there is no more information since they found it a few days ago, why are they continuing to report about the find with no new information?
Upon arrival of the wing part, the French surrendered.
For sale, used French Wing. Never fired, only dropped once!
Two years after the wing part arrives, the Americans debate whether or not they should get involved. If they do, they insist on taking all the credit.
So a plane with a perfect safety record over 10 years loses both transponders, all five radios, makes radical turns, all this 30 seconds after leaving Malaysian air traffic control and 10 minutes before it was supposed to make contact with Vietnamese air traffic control. Sure, sounds like an accident to me.
Well, when you put it like that.......
This is because the plane was nowhere near the search area the Australians wanted to search. They were so far off it wasn't even funny (2,500 miles away). It should be known as the MH370 Debacle, not Missing Flight MH370.
I agree but look at a map of the ocean surface currents in the Indian Ocean. That part could have easily traveled over 8,000 miles.
maybe you should consider researching or studying ocean currents.
They were looking in the West Australian current. That would have brought the part to the north of Australia. If it got into I equatorial current or North equatorial current it would have wound up in Turkey or Ethiopia or India. To wind up in La reunion, it had to have been in the south equatorial Current, which was no where near the search area. If this is a piece of the craft, obviously debris was floating, just nowhere near their search area! It was 1,000s of miles to the north east.
What did you want to know about currents again?
i have many oceanographer friends. i also do computer modeling in my engineering job. i don't believe i even asked anything about currents from you.
16 months in saltwater, pretty good shape I'd say. What I don't get is where did the barnacles come from? Something doesn't add up here.
Stuff in sea water has barnacles grow on it.
"Stuff" seems like it's more than one item, so it should be "have barnacles..."
You're right, Doc. I'll say debri instead. Or - Barnacles grow on stuff in sea water....unless that stuff is an unpainted speedboat....I just learned that from another poster.
You are just dodging the grammar issue. Your suggestions work for now, but eventually you are going to be faced with having to say "stuff have."
I know it, Doc I KNOW it. But I just can't....not yet!
Barnacles grow on things that tend to be in one spot... not floating on the surface.
There have been a couple of recorded instances of barnacles growing on ships floating on the surface.
Ships will sit moored next to piers that have barnacles. The transfer is understandable. But this plane wasn't moored, nor was it near barnacles.
the cheese eating monkey white flag wavering french are analyzing the debris, means there is something to hide, perhaps it was a french missile that shot down that airplane because its a boeing aircraft and the french wants to promote airbus.
Snip from the only page worldwide explaining what the "Headlines will be: "Reunion Island's Boeing wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370": Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Has France surrendered to it yet?
Has the US waited two years before getting involved? FYI, WWII started in 1939, not 1941.
Too convenient to be true evidence. It is like Mohamed Atta's passport! In less than a week came another find, two blocks away from the twin towers, in the shape of Atta's passport. We had all seen the blizzard of paper rain down from the towers, but the idea that Atta's passport had escaped from that inferno unsinged would have tested the credulity of the staunchest supporter of the FBI's crackdown on terrorism.
If it had been faked, don't you think the government would have singed it a little bit, in attempt to make it look authentic? I personally have seen fine china survive an F5 tornado, when the house it was in was blown off its foundation, and two by fours were reduced to splinters. I am not surprised that Atta's passport somehow survived the impact. It was recovered on the street about 3 blocks away by a passer-by and turned in to a NYC policeman. People who ramble on about the "miraculous indestructible passport" carry on as if it was the only item to survive from Flight 11 but that simply isn't true. Lots of items from Flight 11 were recovered at and around the WTC site including seat cushions, floatation devices, the planes itinerary (printed on a sheet of paper), wallets, drivers licenses, credit cards and the identified remains of 52 people who were on board. The FEMA report details this. The streets for several blocks were littered with body parts and bits of plane. There is nothing miraculous about the passport surviving since it was ejected immediately from the building and landed blocks away instead of remaining in the building to be consumed by the inferno.
Can have a lot of fun with this news: What's wrong with B-777 Flaperons and why can they fall off planes so easily? Think about it! One expert speculated that the plane may be "relatively intact" resting at the bottom of the ocean. So, again what's wrong with the Flaperon design that it "fell" off?
I can't wait to hear what the dozens of so called 'expert' organizations and government testing facilities make up about this to simply justify their jobs. It's part of the plane that went down in the Indian Ocean 16 months ago, Boeing has already said that because of the serial numbers on the part. Anything after that is pure speculation and assumption - and we all know what happens when we 'assume' something.
The number is a part number, not a serial number.
My Gawd. They are trying to make this a Rocket Problem. Part is from a 777, no other 777 is missing. What is wrong with these people? They screwed up looking in the wrong area, get it together already. Admit you made a mistake and LOOK where everybody says it is.
Did you not read the article? It states "Scientists say it is plausible that ocean currents carried a piece of the wreckage as far as La Reunion." Debris from Fukushima drifted more than 5,000 miles and wound up on the Pacific Coast of the United States. Most of the plane should be at the bottom of the ocean, but this does NOT mean it will found at the bottom of the ocean near La Reunion. If that were the case, floating debris would have been spotted a very long time ago.
Yes I read it and in the very 1st sentence it says ... "A piece of Boeing 777 wreckage washed up on an Indian Ocean island and suspected to belong to missing flight MH370" The word is "SUSPECTED". Duh.
BREAKING NEWS If Reunion island is French territory how did the airplane part just arrive in France today? Story at 7
Dean... In any College or University, you would never be a "dean", but just a janitor.. Just a question of intellect.
And here I was certain the plane was sucked up by aliens...
The police shipped the part they found to France, but didn't pay for express shipping so they could save a buck, it will take up to 7 business days.. That is why its taking so long people. PLus they have numbers on the wing piece, this should have been confirmed the same day if its the piece from the missing plane. People are just stupider and slower these days.
My opinion only , IF , it was the Pilot wanting to crash the jetliner , he'd of done it on take off. Terrorist's ? They of crashed it in to something. Like 9/11. Mechanical error ? Highly possible. But Unknown. Planted Part ? Could be to shift focus back on it . Did it Crash ? With all the Satellites in Orbit they see everything. Guess the Search is still on.
U.S. Strategic Air Command is able to see all aircraft and space objects around the globe! U.S. Strategic command knows what happened to flight MH370. It is NO mystery to them. For some reason, the U.S. government does not want to share. There are no blank spots in aircraft tracking anywhere in the world.
You don't want to let your enemy know your intellegence capabilities or lack of thereof. Besides, not our plane. Not our country. Not our problem.
The Strategic Air Command was disbanded in 2009. Nice try, but you didn't do any research before posting your opinion.
The point is though that none of this is a mystery. The b.s. about blank spots in aircraft tracking coverage is fed to the public to create the impression that it is possible that it went down undetected.
Part of the wing washed off to an unknown island with the part numbers of Boeing 777 and signed by ALL the victims and witnessed by two certified sharks! Convenience is the first clue for a fake implanted evidence!
HMM, lets see, there is only one of these parts missing in the WORLD, it has serial and parts numbers all over it, and was found in the general area where they were looking for it, yet it will take them weeks to figure this mystery out, and these are the same freaks that bring you the warming hoax.
Really? You've seen all these numbers? Ever pulled anything out of the ocean that's been there more than a year? Better yet. Ever been to the beach?
I like people to look at my legs on the beach.
Robt nothing else to do on a sat?
Uh, D-wain you could see the freaking numbers in news videos, they were clear as the stupid look on your face!
Dwain, speak in complete sentence tyroglodyte.
That would be troglodyte......Not serial numbers...Dumb it down enough for your single digit IQ?
I'm sorry but this unique piece of evidence needs to be delivered to Boeing in Seattle immediately. Let the experts handle it.
The Boeing folks are on their way to France and will be doing their analysis there
PLC's message shows it was posted seven minutes ago and FUTT's reply 13 minutes ago. how is this possible? conspiracy theorists?
@FUTT: Come on man. Boeing will not be sending 500,000 lb of test equipment to France. Bring it back here where they can do a proper and comprehensive analysis.
Here is the GLARING difference between 9/11 and every other plane crash or plane explosion in history of world. NEVER in the history of America has a plane gone down ANYWHERE in the world without a complete, thourough, and meticulous investigation. Until 9/11 During 9/11 all standard operating protocols were IGNORED as far as EACH crime scene went. They were MOST concerned about bagging up evidence and DISPOSING of it. Getting the steel shipped to China for immediate smelting should have been a huge red flag for ANY serious minded American. The effort to DISPOSE of investigative protocols that were standard protocols in crime scenes since FBI or ATF were born is just disgraceful.
The crime scene consisted of two skyscrapers with close to 2000 dead victims You're off your meds?
Dean. Everything you are saying is factually wrong, but more importantly, it doesn't belong here.
Flight 93 was it's own crime scene. Pentagon another crime scene. Another crime scene was WT area with SEVEN buildings. 3000 people died. Your just a touch off. No biggie. I'll take anyone on that can bring more than basic I am stupid comments (because I am 85th percentile, graduated with honors, etc.) I will smite them ALL most soundly if they argue facts. Now you have better facts.....
Dean must have been the master mind behind 9/11 since he has all the facts. Personally, I'd prefer to have someone in the 99th percentile planning an attack. Too much leeway for error with an 85th percentiler...
Let's go David. I would be happy to teach another class... What fact is wrong? (And that's the end of David folks. He can't argue facts. He knows it, so he'll hit dislike and not be back. Watch)
The first fact I'd dispute is why does my pointing out in an airplane investigation story that we did NOT DO ONE during 9/11? It ALL ties together for it shows you how FAR authorities went to NOT do what is done in EVERY air disaster during 9/11. GET it?
Dean, Dean .... let's take just one thing you said ... the steel from the World Trade Center was immediately sent to China and smelted. This did NOT happen.
Dean ... the fact that you were a good student doesn't mean what you say is true. There is no logical connection.
I hear ya Who Me.... I too wish someone smarter arranged 9/11. It was arranged. It's easy to see these holes and such. There would be less holes had a 99%er done this. They would picked a ship where dozens of cameras couldn't record a controlled demolition, then another, then building 7, day or so later, at free fall speeds. Caught on film. Govt even ADMITS this and cannot come up with ANY modeling that fits how 7 went down at free fall speeds. IT IS LITERALLY "AN ON THE RECORD" GOVERNMENT ADMISSION HERE THAT BREAKS THE WHOLE STORY APART ON ITS OWN. And there are ten other, "oopsies" the Bush team, (being dumb nepotists really, little else) sorta forgot to plan for. And nepotists are known to be dumber than standard Americans, They got handed life and therefore never have to develop critical skills the rest of us MUST develop not having famous families pulling strings.
I feel sorry for you, Dean.
God DANG it, I hate ya goo. It won't let me post links to Chicago Tribune story about WT steel. OR the one from China if you want. Just go look kid. Stop telling me your sorry for me and BE sorry for the 3000 Cheney and Bush murdered to get this "endless" war going. It's all online at reputable sites. Steel sold. Family wants investigation. Govt says f off families of 9/11. No investigation. I feel sorry for YOU to be this uneducated. What. Are you in grade school yet david or just haven't read much in life? It's one or other cuz it's out there to find. If you LOOK
Right. The steel was sold on the open market. It wasn't "shipped to China for immediate smelting". You could have bought it if you had the means. Listen, Dean. I am probably far better educated than you. The families wanted the sale stopped because they heard a rumor that the Chinese company was going to make souvenirs out of it. Also, this was less than one third of the steel. End of story. Only a person with a mind as warped as yours would think it is evidence of a coverup. That's why I feel sorry for you.
Agreed. It was "open marketed" off to China. In three years flat, the ability to do ANY in depth analysis of the most suspect of steel, went bye bye. To disregard the "patriotic" nature of that steel is another arguement. How DARE they send it there? You know how expensive that steel move was with "open market" foundries in America and all as a side arguement again, lol. With the USS Oaklahoma, Iowa, or whichever one it is all tuned upside down and slow leaking it's oil because the ground was considered so REVERED that they dared not go in. Those men STILL lie inside. Don't you tell me kid the need for steel was SO GRAND that it could NOT sit in wide open and get rained on for a few years before you sent it off to foundry in FOREIGN land. It all stinks of let's get RID OF THIS before someone launches an ACTUAL investigation. Riddle me THIS then.... Why was that steel under armed guard until it was sunk in the pool like Terminator if there was nothing like termite residue on it? Why GUARD IT? GOOD point on familes, their PRIMARY motive was to keep trinkets out of it. Yes. Give ya that. But THEN you must cede to me that a large percentage of them ALSO wanted a more thorough investigation into 9/11 than was done. And STILL do. Don't feel sorry for me, again. I did not get murdered that day. And I stand for them. Anyone who would want to quash further investigation when investigators THEMSELF are on record saying no protocols were followed as far as crime scene goes. Okay, defeat no protocols followed and explain armed guards on steel till gone.
Dean. Tons and tons of scrap metal gets sold to China every day. I don't know how it is economically efficient to ship it across the Pacific Ocean, it just is. Same with shipping US grown cotton to China to make a T-shirt only to ship those shirts right back here and have them be cheaper than making the shirts here. It just is. Have you ever been to Manhattan? You wanted the entire WTC 9/11 scene to just sit there untouched for years??? Not to mention how hazardous it would have been to residents with all the asbestos and other contaminants. The steel was stacked in a hangar at JFK airport until investigators were done with it. Why wouldn't it be guarded? It would be ridiculous if it wasn't. Every evidence room in every police station is guarded. How old were you when 9/11 happened? Are you even old enough to remember it? What did you want them to do? Just put "Crime Scene" tape around the whole thing and wait for the CSI team? Of course not! I don't think you know the scale of the disaster. This was a frantic search-and-rescue mission. For the first week (at least) volunteers with cranes and bulldozers were working around the clock with teams with dogs trying to find survivors. Of course no "crime scene protocols" were followed. You think you honor the victims with your conspiracy theories? No, Dean, I submit that what you are doing is spitting on their graves.
Dean, you need your meds adjusted ASAP.
He sure does John, In fact everything was brought to the Fresh Kills Landfill. Dean must get his info from his "favorite" conspiracy site.
Your BOTH right. It went to both places. It was a trick to get you to admit some was guarded. (And you did, lol ) You did NOT explain why American steel coated in American blood went to China for ANY reason, (economically neutral for transit) or not which I cede there. #$%$ goes everywhere and cost seems to not matter in an ocean voyage although oil IS money. It's a conundrum there, for sure. Gotta do with Co. size, cuz a small smelter can't afford the dead weight of steel to sail around like that. We are getting into nitty gritties now and your doing better than most on the steel portion of this test, but are keeping me talking about family feelings and morality of sale rather than anything substantial about steel. Agreed? Yes, well then. let's conclude this with a SOLID question thst stumps all comets that can get this far like you, lol. WHERE did the steel GO to allow building 7 to hit free fall speeds? Hiw about walls? How did they NOT push back on anything free falling? Since we're talking school. Drop a rock off a cliff, and it can only fall as fast as the distance between the next impact of the cliff wall on the bouncing rock. The bouncing rock, CANNOT hit free fall speeds while the upwards RESISTANCE of the mountain slope slowing it down at EACH bounce. (Correct?) Well, building 7 was NOT a leisurely slowing slope. It was floor after floor of dead stop. As EACH floor hit the next, it would have encountered more than enough slowing resistance from EVERYTHING from desks to doors, let alone steel frame and walls would have DENIED building 7 from hitting free fall soeeds, PROVING CONTROLLED DEMOLITIONS "swept" the next floors resistance clear BEFORE it could even ACT as resistance. Then the next floor. Then the next floor. NO resistance. Even if you were to drop a penny into the softest, fluffiest, thing on Earth stacked as high as building 7, even THAT ultra fluffy whatever would have stopped "free fall speeds" from occurring for the penney. HOW did building 7 free fall like a skydiver, hitting nothing but air on way down? Let's end this debate here cuz HERE your stuck of any scientific explaination. Only gods and skydivers can free fall. It was fun tho. Be good.
Dean. WTC 7 was hit by massive amounts of debris from the North Tower. Up to one third of the support columns were knocked out. The building was on fire, fed by diesel backup generators that were inside the building. The southwest columns began to give way and firefighters withdrew as it was clear it was starting to collapse. The bottom of the building gave out and it collapsed rapidly. Do you even know what free-fall speed is? Do you know it is different for different objects? There is no proof of any controlled demolition; there is no lack of models to replicate the collapse of WTC 7. Pennies and fluffy materials are not a model for a building collapse. A test? Are you an imbecile? I am stuck for scientific explanations? No, YOU are! Only Gods and skydivers can free fall? Jesus, Dean. Did they not teach physics in your high school?
Oh, your actually gonna TRY to argue free fall? This is gonna be good folks. See how the frustration is building in our friend here? Haddad toss couple bombs this time? Feeling threatened, that is a typical response. Your so walking into it if you keep going, and you KNOW it, which is what's really bugging ya, you know it, but okay....let's proceed.... Pointing out pennies free fall at a faster rate than feathers is your first mistake, lol. Yes it's true, but free fall speed can ONLY be achieved if there is no upward resistance, and THE GOVT ADMITTED IT'S MODEL COULD NOT MATCH THE VIDEO SHOWING A BUILDING 7 IN FREE FALL, so your "modeling" was flawed, and they REFUSE to revisit the issue and come up with a model that works. Cuz they cant. Cuz it was a controlled demo. Your one third building was hit is flat out wrong, and I challenge YOU to dig up video, as building 7 shows (from 3 sides) a perfectly intact building imploding PERFECTLY. IF your video exists, it would make that 1/3rd damaged area the Northwest corner of building 7. Knowing they had to run DOZENS of models to find a collapse that could "kinda" fit the story they pushed out. HOWEVER, all modeling done prior would need to be changed as THEIR modeling shows it allegedly starts in center of building and cascades out. That is not what video shows though my friend. What video shows is an ALL floor, or one floor at a time, demolition. There are SEVERAL you tube video of the very firefighters who WERE THERE AT BUILD 7, and they SAY IT WAS A CONTROLLED DEMO, SON. COMPLETE WITH ALL THE EXPLOSIONS YOU EXPECT TO HEAR AS EACH FLOOR WAS BLOWN. That's almost word for word of SEVERAL firefighters, who I am SURE can tell the difference between crunch, crunch, falling crooked cuz I'm steel frame skyscraper and boom, boom, free fall, whoosh we see. I can post link if you can't YouTube on your own, lol.
Dean. I am not wearing rose-colored glasses, but at least I am not under the Kool-Aid induced delusions that you are. You still haven't demonstrated an understanding of gravity, nor does any video or photo demonstrate what you claim is so clear. There is, however, lots of photographic and video evidence that shows the damage that the collapse of the Towers caused to the surrounding buildings. Nobody EVER said that the planes melted all the steel. You prance around like you achieved some kind of victory over me. The only thing you have done is make yourself look like a fool. You think the government needed to bring down WTC 7 to accomplish what a simple paper shredder could have done? That is you "motive" that the government had to bring down WTC 7? You still haven't told me if you can remember the day it happened. All your theories have been debunked so many times it is not even funny. If you think all of the structural engineers that analyzed the collapse lied, then they are 'in' on the conspiracy, right? So now we have a conspiracy of thousands, government and private citizens alike. And with Eric Snowden and Wikileaks, none of this come out? That's of course not proof, just a credibility test of your insane rantings. If you love YouTube videos so much, I dare you to view MrSkunkWork100's videos. He has compiled videos that debunk every one of your theories. Final question, do you fellate Michael Moore daily or is it an occasional thing?
I know you think gravity is a downward pull my friend and I see gravity as a circular pull, as all heavenly bodies are exerting SOME pull on us as well. Gravity on EARTH, is exerting the strongest pull in a downward fashion. I can tell you right down to WHAT metal is exerting the best pull on you. How gravity is a constant. How it's RULES do NOT change just because you WANT them to my man.. That's where we're hung up? We sre now practically off world discussing celestial bodies and gravity? A penny can free fall. A feather can too, however, GERERALLY, air resistance will knock a feather side to side, twirl it all around so the path does not coincide with the penny, although the SAME base gravity force is being observed. Are we done on gravity and my knowledge therin? People have been analysing controlled demolition video because for first time in history, 2 planes brought down 7 building PERFECTLY into their own footprint. It not only defies all gravity law, it defies the added random factors of how ALL PREVIOUS BUILDINGS IN HISTORY FELL And guess what? After all the footage was analysed by smarter physics professors than I, they have, to a man and woman (practically), concluded that those building had very little upwards resistance as they fell. That the ONLY way a building CAN fall at those speeds, straight down mind you, is if all the steel disappeared on the next floor down before the upper floor hit that floor. BOTH WT CENTERS WERE MODELED TO FALL MORE "SIDEWAYS" THAN THEY DID. And like building 7, the fancy pants programs they have couldn't replicate the same thing with just TWO planes. This is again, stuff I can link you to. Not crazies. Were talking 22000 architects and building inspectors in New York ALONE, want a new investigation, as their video just don't match physics of the day that SHOULD HAVE dictated a twisting, sideways fall on SEVERAL buildings. Not straight down. I gotta go cut some trees with my chainsaw. I'll be back later to finish...
Dean. Thank you for speaking as if I think the world is flat. But I can see you looked up gravity on Simple Wiki. However, you immediately fall back to LIES. Physics professors DO NOT agree with what you say. And before you say Steven E. Jones and Richard Gage, I know about them. And Gage doesn't have 22 thousand architects and inspectors in NY. He has 22 hundred signatures collected world wide. And that doesn't prove anything. You are a victim of group-think, fueled by a couple of guys with political motivation who have made a career out of this nonsense. They are about as qualified as the guy on History Channel that does the Ancient Alien programs. Now do a search for satellite images of the 9/11 aftermath and you will see that the towers did not collapse into "their own footprint". Did the trees follow the laws of gravity when you cut them with the chainsaw? Here's another video series you should watch, but I doubt you will, because you have closed your mind: "Debunking 9/11 conspiracy theorists" by Myles Power (powerm1985).
Lol. It's getting good and I am now too busy to keep playing. No. The trees did NOT entirely follow the laws of gravity. And I glad you mentioned it. See, there were external forces at work that day. Very high winds. Trees I normally could drop between a ticks butt cheeks, we're going about 25% off either way depending on gusts. LESS THAN you find at THOSE HEIGHTS on 9/11, which is a factor I never really looked into. Those high winds should have altered the course of collapse for WT1&2 at least. I wonder what wind speed was that day. I'll look into that later. As for Jones and Gage. Bah. They got parts right, and parts wrong, so I ain't a fan. I DID do some satellite checking. You cant drop buildings that tall straight down without a controlled demolition. Point to ONE case in history where a skyscraper of 25 floors or more fell even "that way" and I'd lick my dogs whitest turd. It hasn't ever happened. It will NEVER happen. Steel frame structures do NOT melt to the degree! The photos of sat TEMP readings show almost a week later, it was STILL almost 1400 degrees or something. (In MANY if these buildings.) Now you can check some FAB high rise fires online. Saudi's AND Malaysia I think had MEGA FIRES compared to weak old 9/11, and they just did NOT melt, fall, or nothing. The got "scorched" good, but fall in on themselves? Nope. Yet MAGICALLY, we got 7 buildings in one blow like the fable about flies. I would love to keep rolling, but I gotta cut trees and start digging my new additions foundation. I obviously ain't convincing you that the guys in charge are weasels who would sacrifice ALL of our country in war after war after war after war that SPRANG FROM 9/11. YOU pretend that we did not USE that to go kill and displace half the MidEast. But we DID. And it's been over a decade we used THAT to justify whatever the f it is we want them to elect and to do like it's OUR lands. And we were ONLY supposed to get Taliban in Afghanistan for 9/11. If you don't think yellowcake and all the OTHER lies used to start this Neverending war on whatever America says THIS week. Taliban, Saddam, Al queada, Ghaddaffi, Bahir, oops, now it's ISIS.... YOU who claim to be so smart can't put one and one together???? Really???? I just can't continue if we can't agree what a fact is, like 9/11 is being used to justify whatever and THAT is treasonous behavior endangering us all. Not ISIS. I laugh at ISIS. Patsy of the week.... These are facts. We are THERE. I feel you got same American pride I did, but like me, the monsters and killers of our teenage boys in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, etc, etc, etc are calling the shots and they NEEDED this to get cracking over in MidEast. Or we wouldn't BE there. They set up 9/11, or allowed 9/11. Period. I ain't arguing when time is gone, but it was fun crushing ya. Ttyl........
Dean. When you say stuff like "You cant drop buildings that tall straight down without a controlled demolition." you are just making an assertion without any knowledge behind it. Before you look up wind speeds on 9/11, I can tell you that they were very slow that day. Because I remember they day very well. But you need only look at the smoke to determine that. If this was a conspiracy to start the Iraq War, then it was the dumbest plan ever. All you needed to do was plant some WMDs inside of Iraq so that we could go and "find" them after the invasion. Easy peasy. But no. They had to come up with this elaborate scheme to kill thousands of Americans and cause untold billions worth of damage to our economy? See your conspiracy doesn't even make sense from the motivation. You didn't CRUSH me, Dean. You got CRUSHED by me. Nothing you said is correct. Your understanding of the Middle East is pathetic. But, I guess, that's another place you haven't been in real life, either.
The entire event seems made for TV. Great for selling advertising.
As with all jew false flags.
wow 2 morons in the same post.
What stupidity. Phone in the serial number. Any grade schooler who can count to 10 could do it.
Snip from the only page worldwide explaining what the "Headlines will be: "Reunion Island's Boeing wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370": Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. Talk of parallel scripts and Netanyahu detonating fake bombs to destroy Israel: FAKE attacks staged by Israeli gov, all nazi agents, to demonize jewish settlers and orthodox jews while diverting from reality. Suicide bomber Netanyahu stages fake blood: gays and palestinian baby burned alive by evil orthodox jews, settlers July 31, 2015 - Another episode in this series staged "coincidebtally" as Boeing 777's wing transported from Reunion Island to France. Episode staged as usually in parallel scripts, in this case supposedly against gays and the usual "victims", the "poor palestinian" children. === Reality check: - Treasonous Israeli government expelled jews from Gaza 2005 and destroys jewish settlements in the West Bank. - across the border, in Syria, since Sept 2014: the elite of the nazi airforce alias "US lead coalition of 25 countries", officially shares the syrian skies with the mission's pioneers, Assad's airforce, mostly russian and iranian pilots. The only "change" ever since: an increase in the daily dosage of chlorine, splitter ammo and barrel bombs over women, children and elderly. illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Now please take this pill and go with these two nice gentlemen who have a very nice shirt for you to wear...
Damage to trailing edge suggests controlled ditching...under power. Failure characteristics of attach hardware will help validate the theory. The final question when they find the intact airplane is whether the pilot's remains are in the cockpit...or did he escape...with or without help...
Do you think they'll find the plane, somewhat intact?
Ghyslain Wattrelos, whose wife and two children were on the flight, said he was relieved to get the smallest bit of information about the missing plane. "I hope to have answers very soon, because the wait is unbearable," the Frenchman, currently in San Francisco, told AFP. Uh.. They're dead dude. Time to accept it and move on. GL!
I don't think he's expecting them to be alive. He's anxious to know what happened so that it brings closure. Uh...he's not stupid dude. Time be a little more intelligent and less pathetic in your thinking. Move on. GL!
Must have taken him years to learn how to spell his name.
Why France? It was an American made Boeing aircraft belonging to a Malaysian airline right?
Reunion Island is a French Territory so they have legal right to determine where it goes for examination. Malaysia had also asked for assistance in the investigation of MH370 from European authorities, and Toulouse is home to Europe's largest aviation facilities because of French involvement in Airbus and other related companies.
France has more experience and amenities for large planes that have crashed. They have a huge hangar facility in Toulouse where they stored and studied the wreckage of the Air France airliner that crashed on it's way from Brazil to Paris in 2009.
The frogs want to welcome something they do not have to surrender to yet.
La Reunion Island is one of three overseas departments of France. It has the same status as any of the mainland departments on the European continent. Reunion is a part of France. The man who found the wing part was a French citizen. The local officials who took possession of the wing were French citizens working for the French government. Those French officials are dutifully having the wing part transported back to mainland France where they have the proper facilities to study the wing. Boeing will be sending their officials, and in fact I think they are probably already in France, to make the proper study of the wing and verify that it is indeed a part of Flight MH370. If it is verified, then an official announcement will be made. That in a nutshell is "why France?" Of course you could have looked this info up by yourself, but you were too busy trying to make this part of some grand conspiracy.
The French have the situation in hand. It only took them ten years to figure out what happened with the Concorde.
It's the legal shenigans that took then years. They knew very quickly what happened.
Juan You do not even have to compete for the most stupid post...you are nominated;
barnacles don't grow on moving objects, so it didn't travel all the way across the Indian ocean and it wasn't just laying on the bottom collecting barnacles and then make a mad dash across the ocean to reunion - it was deposited fairly close to reunion and sat for quite some time
Barnacles most certainly grow on moving objects....and add tons to ship hulls.
wrong, seen plenty growing on working/moving boats & ship hulls...
No they do not - they attach when the object is stationary as in port - ever see a speedboat totally unpainted that is taken out of the water after use - NO BARNACLES - that's why they are taken out of the water
An object floating in the water while not technically stationary its drifting with the current but is not the same thing as a boat moving at a much higher speed, even slow moving freighters move much faster and certainly a speedboat...there's no comparison to floating debris and a speedboat in how they might collect barnacles.
Bobbing around in the ocean qualifies as stationary for your purposes then, Sand. But your conclusion still sucks. Why would someone put an unpainted speedboat in the water?
read the facts - no bobbing involved - it would have had to travel 5 miles per day to cover that distance - and people with dock lifts and trailers don't paint the bottom with anti-fouling paint because they don't want the expense of the paint or the color on their boat
5 miles per day is pretty slow if you consider a slow moving freighter that averages about 15 kts per hour or about 17 mph, can cover about 400 miles in a 24 hour period. There's no comparison.
Well unfortunately a flaperon does not have an engine strapped to the back of it - so 5 MPD is pretty damn good
I wonder what the prevailing currents in the Indian Ocean are, Sand. As in how fast and the general direction they are moving while the bobbing debris just bobs along or is blown along by the 15 to 30 knot easterly trade winds with them. Debris can move fast along with the water...and faster with wind pushing it....like the fishing boat from Fukushima Harbor that drifted into British Columbia waters the same month as the tsunami....and the debris that began arriving with it along the US west coast and hasn't stopped. 5 miles a day is nothing.
@John Smythe -"I wonder what the prevailing currents in the Indian Ocean are" but you know what the easterly trade winds are - Hmmmm - the wing part went WEST
Also you can only calculate the average because all that is known is the approximate distance and time. But that doesn't mean it didn't travel faster in some increments of time and slower to fairly stationary at other times.
Well, Sand....easterlies are called that because they're from the east (as a general direction)....and blow to the west (as a general direction)....along with whatever they're pushing. There are north and south wind direction combination factors plus the action of cyclonic weather disturbances which can change everything. Unwelcome - good point to make. Nothing is concrete when it comes to weather and water....in the seas or in the air. On the surface of the sea with both elements of currents and winds working is the hardest to predict or to review. There are several areas of chaos (variables apply for typically short increments of time), and the surface of the sea is probably the best practical example for most people.
If your mother was a washer and your father was a dryer how many pancakes would it take to shingle a dog house?
Ask Obama where the plane is...
feel sorry for you how pathetic that everything is political for you...sick
Obama is wearing a button from the plane's instrument board on a chain around his neck.
I don't think Obama is the one to ask stupid.
@Commenter: But he always acts like Mr. Know-It-All, or haven't you noticed?
Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits == BASICS == Originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk: end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03 All fake: Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine = Boston Marathon bombings: "Putin" in the MAIN role to convince the audience that these are real events. WHY "Malaysia Boeing 777 downed" was staged: end-times-reductionism.blog+spot --- /2014/07/
Even the most "enthusiastic missionary US moron" would call it quit on a sample of stupidity like you posted. Go back to sleep...You deserve it.
Whole wing is washed to the shore with the "part number" to an island that no body knows. How convenient. It is like Mohamed Atta's passport that survived the wtc inferno! Couldn't it be that whoever is responsible for this mystery off loaded the wing from the sea with some items to shore on this island?
If you like to believe in things that didn't happen, then it's absolutely possible.
To you, everything is a conspiracy. Life, in general, is based on suspicion, for you. You trust nothing and where, in the long run, does it lead you?
Curious: Wow! I think you may be right! Quick, before they realize it's you who figured out their dastardly plan, you need to get to a safe place... Throw away your cell phone and computer, cut up your credit cards, go into hiding... NOW! Oh my God! Look out the window! They're already there! RUN!
Google Freescale Semiconductor, the United States did not want this plane landing in China.
WARNING! JEW FALSE FLAG IMMINENT!! All the Shekels are in place. All the yarmulkes are donned. BEWARE September 23, 2015!!
This is just another smoke screen to hide the truth of how low the U.S. government can be for hijacking the plane and killing all onboard just to get control of the patents and plans on high tech spy ware
I'll bet Dwain, Tom Servo, & Tesla still beileve in the easter bunny and all still live at your mothers house and sleep in the same bed as her
Maybe they will find Obama's real birth certificate.
Right after they retrieve Hillary's emails form her server.
His mother was a U.S. citizen, therefore it does not even matter where Obama was born. He was a U.S. citizen at birth. Just like George Romney. Just like Ted Cruz.
That's at the bottom of the Pacific, where former Gov. Abercrombie tossed it.
Tom you must be a liberal nut job. You are not correct.
Not a liberal, just stating facts.
@TS: Then why did he have to lie about it and get former Gov. Abercrombie to cover for him? Explain that one.
I wouldn't hold your breath on that one.
Was he really born in Hawaii?
Should the authorities check the other Island in the area like Port Mathurin, Mauritius, and Vingt Cing to see if any more debris landed on their shores!
Yes, if the part recovered is from the missing aircraft.
How many dead crabs were found inside the wing ?
The fat crabs are in the fuselage...
Want to compare them to the number of dead crabs in your shorts, Kashi?
I prefer a drumstick and a thigh...
Upon hearing that this is a left wing, Trump called it a "stupid loser."
DoctorStupid, that was stupid even for you. Keep up the good work
I absolutely DEMAND that this story be removed from the web and this space be dedicated to grieving and memorializing Cecil the Lion! Do it NOW!
EE, Yeah I make lots of fun of her too!
EE, I posted this yesterday. Sandra has all but gone away. #$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$#$%$* Every time the State of Texas puts a murderer to death, the Liberals all hop up and down and raise hell for about 3 days. Then they completely drop it. They have very short attention span, like a kid. We are half way thru this lion-thing. ONE more day and you will never hear this fiasco mentioned again.
SO,.....DESPITE A GREAT HUMAN EFFORT,....MOTHER NATURE REVEALED THE WRECKAGE WHICH HAS ELUDED OUR BEST MINDS AND BEST SEARCH N RESCUE TEAMS.....THATS QUITE HUMBLING REALLY.....
Why France---it is a Boeing, not an Airbus?
because it's not a u.s. airlines and NTSB is not the governing body of investigation.
NTSB isn't Boeing either. The French agency, BEA is equivalent to NTSB and works with the aircraft manufacturers. There's more to accident investigation.
that was my point. neither aircraft manufacturer governs accident investigation.
That's correct but they consult them, in fact a Boeing technical team is flying to France to assist, that's pretty normal.
yup, very familiar with this. 30 yrs aero engineer.
Why France? It should have been sent to Seattle for Boeing to inspect. If it is a 777, they will know.
because NTSB is not in charge of this investigation.
btw, of course a boeing team was dispatched to aid. this is always the case in accident investigation. even in u.s., NTSB leads investigation, not manufacturer.
@mark gee, really? let me be more clear: this is a foreign airlines, thus the NTSB is not in charge. so the flaperon is going to france, not the u.s. boeing, the manufacturer sends a team to examine it. got it?
@cass, wow, you can't read, and seem to be full of hot air, too. Got it? Clear enough for you?
@mark, i work for boeing. aero engineer. before that, northrop. 30 yrs. yeah, i know quite a bit.
btw, the team is called the Go team, for accident investigations, i mean.
Wouldn't it make more sense to send part to Boeing?
The "experts" knew that this plane was intentionally crashed when it disappeared.
A few more weeks we should know and then we can get started on the luggage.
Yes, and in the meantime, stay in suspense, stay tuned, and be sure to buy our sponsors' products.
Debris arrives from Muslim countries in Paris every day.
sadly it confirms what we already know the effort to locate the plane is still daunting
Never mind the facts... *Boeing confirmed that this IS a piece from a Boeing 777.... *There are NO other missing Boeing 777s..anywhere Does it make sense to make a positive statement that this is definitely a piece from the missing B777 flight MH370?
Why would it take almost 4 days to get to France???
Yeah, the Germans got there in 3 days.
It took 1 day. It left yesterday.
It was found on the 29th
So? It took a couple of days to decide what to do with it.
You are obviously not related to any of the missing
You are obviously not connected to reality.
The French are not the most efficient decision makers. I know someone who once owned a Renault Dauphine.
theatrics, the location of the debris is more informative than the debri itself. But "authorities" wont be able to milk it for ever, so it needs to be done slowly. These out of the ordinary things bring them attention and make their regularly repetitive day more interesting and go by faster. Now this they will draw it out as long as possible. you have to have a meeting to discuss finding it and how excited you were then you need a meeting to decide what to do with the debris then you will need a meeting to decide how to best execute what you decided to do in the last meeting then you will need another meeting to assign responsibilities of the action plan detailed in the last meeting then the morning following this meeting we will meet for lets get it done breakfast meeting so we can buy donuts. we eat the donuts and then go out and get it done. oh and we can only schedule one meeting a day. now that makes for a nice work week. none of the people involved really care, they have opportunity to earn money while getting out of their rut.
Let's see. It was found on the afternoon of the 29th. Examined on the 30th, calls and such, crated and ready to be sent, booked on a flight. Sent on the 30th. What are you complaining about?
Complaining about the French,like you,being lazy stupid and not considering July 31st a day on the calendar.
We used to have a Dassault Falcon 20 aircraft at our Company, and we sold it because parts would take forever..!, you order one screw or bolt today, and you should receive it in about 5 or 6 months, if you are lucky!...frenchies are slow!!
@Jessica: they were probably on vacay. When they happen to show up at work, it's still vacay.
Why did this part go to France. The FAA and the Boeing are involved. Why did the part not go to an NTSB lab?
Because it was found on a French island but I agree with you, the part should be turned over to Boeing.
It was found on French territory so legally, it's theirs to deal with.
The part was found on a French territory protectorate so it naturally went to a French investigation lab, the NTSB investigate US transportation wrecks and crashes, Boeing does not investigate crashes, and the FAA is a US agency. Any other questions?
Boeing is going to be involved in the analysis this weekend in France; they flew out yesterday
Yeah, it arrived. After everyone on that island messed with it. Can you believe how dumb people can be?
island ppl messing with it won't matter. not many 777 parts floating around...well, pretty much none.
Cass....any additional damage caused by these morons, including bending the rough broken rear area pieces is bad news...Look at some of the transport photos...they loaded it into the back of a Rover on its edge. Dumb.
doesn't matter. a flaperon will not reveal cause of accident,
This isn't front-page, top-of-page headliner news. When they first found it? Sure. When the final test results come back? Sure. But just the trivial fact that it has "arrived" in France? C'mon! Will journalism ever be respectable again? I fear not...
Breaking news! John Kerry is flying around the world for no purpose and has "arrived" somewhere.
So was there a bunch of 777s built under the table?
I get a kick of out of the comments "why wasn't it sent to boeing"? I would think it would be easier to send a couple of boeing reps over to inspect the part rather than all that is involved in shipping the part to boeing.
Since the debris was found in French jurisdiction, it is being investigated by the French. Boeing will be asked for technical support or advice if needed by the French investigators. This is your fourth post where it is apparent that you just don't get any smarter, Leep. This is also at least the fourth post you've made after you declared the story a waste of time and that you had better things to do like cut your mommy's stupid tree. Get'r done yet?
It is not just jumping on an airplane with a huge piece debris. It includes packaging and shipping by truck to deliver it charges to the airline, airline freight charges, and trucking charges to destination form the airline. Where as one or two reps from boeing is a couple of taxi rides and airfare. Sounds way more efficient and cheaper in the world I live in.
The Museum that will soon house this debris will make tons of money.
Le débris est arrivé enfin! Bienvenue débris!
C'est magnifique! I learned that watching "Gigi".
Can anyone tell me how many missing 777 aircraft there are in this in this world? This is stupid!
Rod Serling spoke to me last night. He said more than we know.
Only if they can figure out where the plane went down. A tall task. Good luck.
Inmarsat (satellite) data figured out long ago where the plane went down - at least to the accuracy of identifying an area - certainly down to the level of accuracy of drift modeling and types of marine life in the crash area.
"US aerospace giant Boeing said in a statement Friday that it would send a technical team to France to study the plane part." .... These are the real experts. The French laboratory has custody of the part for political reasons.
No Libs, Obama had nothing to do with this discovered.....
No Cons, Obama had nothing to do with the plane going down...
type in the damn serial number already and stop all the BS
It's somewhere below the indian ocean..yeah, that's the ticket.
will they analyze it while drinking wine and eating fromage?
Ha ha ha, they never stop with their BS stories. Guess they have to come up with something to distract Obaama's criminal, male "same-sex" & crak activities :.
Why would Malaysia be concerned with distracting Americans from Obama?
What time did it arrive? Per the article "..5.30 pm (1530 GMT)" so what time exactly?
My point exactly-1530 is not 5:30 it's 3:30
Wow there is some news other than Cecil the Lion being killed.
Debris has been arriving in France for years....mostly Mooslim...
Ummnn...Boeing plane? A 777? Wouldn't you think that piece would go to Seattle to be examined? Sounds like it was sent to Airbus in Toulouse, France. Guess that's where the French Aviation ministry is too....kind of like FAA
if it's us made it should come here. ntsb . or maybe we went over there ?
Maybe more pieces could be found by working the currents backwards for some distance. If one piece made it, there must be more
Some other articles said they had been expecting debris to eventually show up and be found on the east coast of Africa if the plane went down in the Indian Ocean. La Reunion is more south than they had expected debris to be found, but that it would give researchers a place to reverse track with a year's worth of satellite meteorological data of winds, currents, storms, etc., but that it would still be an enormous challenge to locate the crash site. More discovered debris would be a great help but there is a LOT of coastline where it could show up..
This is it ? Not a chance ! It's what they want you to believe,,, and you probably will !
I would gather to surmise since there is only one missing 777 on planet earth and this is a piece of a 777 that most likely this is a part off of MH370... There, I saved a lot of time and trouble. Now, where are the other pieces of the puzzle?
So...what happened to the Egyptian Airlines 777 that was sent to be scrapped and disappeared...along with all its 777 parts?
They are are not even going to get around to looking at it till Wednesday????? The Germans conquered and took over France in less time!!! BEYOND PATHETIC
This is August in France, you are lucky to get an employee to show up even one day to work this month....
After the piece was all over the news, with the cops and other taking pictures with it, standing it on end, dragging it around once it arrived in France they have a black tarp up to try and block it from being seen LOL
More non news. How much non news are we going to hear about this?
The hell with this. WHERE IS THE CECIL THE LION STORY? WE WANT CECIL!
My question is WHAT are the traitors up to NOW ??? They got people on this lion thing -roof thing and this wing thing... Anything to DISTRACT US from the really ROTTEN things they are up to....Stop falling for it People it is all one big drama to get US ready for the big K!LL !!!!
Bonnie, I think you are probably right. So, I want to say 2 things: 1) Jesus said "My sheep hear my voice, I know them, they follow me and I give them eternal life. And no one can #$%$ them out of my hand" John 10:27-28 Everyone is going to die. Lay hold of eternal life. 2) Own a weapon and know how to use it.
Okay. You found a piece of an airplane that might be a clue to MH370. I don't need to know every single step it takes in its journey! Report results, not just motion.
Oh wee wee, let the Frenchies look at it. They are good at airplane crashes.
The plane crashed in the ocean. What else can be learned from "the experts" ???
Fact: U.S. Strategic Command sees all aircraft and space objects around the globe at all times. There are no "blank" spots. The plight of MH370 is NOT a mystery at all.
Too much Hollywood TV, randall.....better take a break
Hey John, try doing some research for a change. Learn about Strategic Command and its role in national security. Learn about the satellite network with ground facing radar.
I already know about the actual and realistic capabilities, randall...that's the reason for my reply.
I do too John. Besides U.S. satellite-based ground radar, the location of the crash is specifically covered by Australia's over-the-horizon, north-facing, long range radar defense system. That system is part of the U.S. defense network. In addition, there are many national defense radar networks of U.S.-friendly countries that overlap the area extensively. I am simply not buying your nonsense.
25 people will be all over it like flies on a turd
And in other news, a Boeing cargo jet lost a flaperon a little over a year ago over the Indian ocean and want it back....
If it is from the plane, will that give them any clue as to where the rest of the plane might be?
Depends on the number of shellfish attached. -- Very few? It's floatng. -- Large number? Davy Jones' Locker.
Yahoo is really milking this for all it's worth~!
"Debris arrives in France"..... I thought they were talking about more Muslim immigrants.
What's the big mystery????? We all know what happened............ This isn't news anymore..............
Right! A UFO took the airplane, but left this shred of evidence to throw stupid humans off their trail.
{"Wing part arrives in France"} to be sauteed in a subtle vinaigrette.
What else are the they good for, or good at?
It's amazing how the French, who had nothing to do with MH370 just a short time ago, are now at the center of the investigation. Bonne chance!
Rich -- It's only because the flaperon washed up on their territory. Recall the recent case of a pilot flying from Spain to Germany who deliberately crashed the airplane. That became a French investigation because the crash site was in France.
Thanks for your angry all CAPS and poor spelling. It proves your derangement.
The plot thickens....fact is that plan could have landed anywhere in the indian ocean!!...recall one expert saying pilot was flying south to antarctica!!...stay tuned world citizens!!
Please educate yourself more on the layout of the Indian ocean. There are not a lot of airports there.
Did he have a sudden urge for penguins?
bet Air France did not use a 777 to transport the part
Bone found in dumpster behind KFC is thought to be linked to the wing piece. Breaking news at 6
At what point will the world come to grips with the fact that this was deliberate terrorism and not an accident? Why are we pretending there are other explanations. Either one of the pilots could be responsible----both look like kooks, especially the Senior Pilot.
I'm thinking that the French brought Inspector Cleuseau out of retirement to solve this. We're not talking a part from a device like a VW beetle that had 30 millions made....It's a Boeing 777....how many of them are missing parts? Should take about 30 minutes to figure this out. Of course the French will take a month or so.
It was sabotaged by a Muslim terrorist.....bet the house on that one.
The French have looked at the piece.They've given up already
What takes so long!! Don't believe any of this. All BULL SC
Keep hope alive, CNN MH 370 careerists . Maybe Boeing is secretly dumping defective airplane parts in the Indian Ocean- its possible,right?
And if it does turn out, beyond all shadow of a doubt, to be from Flight 370, then what? We'll know the plane crashed into the ocean.... but we still won't know the answers to where, why, when, how come nothing turned up before, or a thousand other questions
Then we continue... it's not rocket science... it's just regular ol' science...
I can't wait for the next article...Boeing experts on plane to France
A pristine piece of a wing placed on a beach. No wear, no sand, no water damage. You gotta be kidding with this horse manure.
Oh, you were there when they pulled it out of the ocean?
A 'pristine' piece with barnacles growing on it, a dislodged inspection cover, corroded paint, and sheared connection points and hydraulic actuator lines? You gotta be kidding with your horse manure comment. Did you even look at the close up pictures?
How did the wing get that far inland?? That wing was planted there by "them" to conceal the truth.
Laying on a beach is inland?
It's a conspiracy I tell ya, it's those dam Yankee liberals at it again !
Whole thing sounds staged. How did one small piece of hugh airplane find its way so far from coastine? Was not found on beach.
It was found on the beach.
It was found washed up on the shore which is very rocky. I'm guessing they moved it to the grassy area before any pictures were taken.
Fact: U.S. Strategic Command sees all aircraft and space objects around the globe at all times. There are no "blank" spots.
1st Conspiracy #$%$: "How did this part drift for one year and wind up all the way there? Obviously this is a conspiracy!" 2nd Conspiracy #$%$: "This was way too neat and easy!? Obviously this is a conspiracy!"
Flaperons are a buoyant part of the wing by virtue of the way they are built. But if you love conspiracy theories you can have endless fun with this. Here's one: this flaperon was actually from Elvis Presley's private plane and has been floating for 38 years since Elvis went down off Chile when everyone thought he was dead of an OD.
The airplane was hijacked in Somalia for trading, but it was used for training thermobaric explosion from Mossad, for airplane of flight MH17 (almost like 9/11).
Anyone else sick of hearing about fish-heads and all their missing or crashed planes?
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 ** end-times-reductionism.blog+spot -- 2014/07
Get a life you pathetic troll...And lotsa meds!
Sing with me: "Get a piece of the Plane".
Hope they were all passed out some how
The fact that a flapperon and some luggage has washed up on a small island tells me the impact site is not too far away
send creationists to the ocean floor to look for debris.... then remove their oxygen supplies.... problem solved.
I like how that wing made no dent in their perfectly mowed lawn.....just like at the Pentalawn on the 9/11 jew false flag.
the troll is at work spouting his nonsense and spreading lies. This is his life! outside of that he has none...Mikey is the biggest false flag you will ever read, and he is so proud of his work... unfortunately his wife and children have long abandoned him as he is an embarrassment to them
If they search they can find more debris and bodies.
No Chit!! This same BS story has been front page news now for the past 7 days and its still being determined. Its the only 777 lost in the world. Hey, guess what?? I'll answer it and haven't even seen it in person. ITS A WING COMPONENT FROM MH370!!!!! Now Tell us all something new!
We're now being told that they'll be able to tell by the barnacles, the path that this piece of wreckage took----they will be able to tell where in the ocean it has been. Yeah, right. They can't tell us with any certainty at all if it's going to rain today, but that, they can tell us for sure.
The mother of all jew false flags is coming September 23, 2015. MARK MY WORDS
We have "marked your words". They have been placed in the nutjob file.
Dude, we can't "mark" them if we can't understand them.
His tinfoil hat is tuned to Uranus again...
SHOULDNT IT GO TO MALAYSIA OR TO BOEING?
shouldnt[sic] you locate your caps lock key?
Why France, the Australians are just as good at this. Alway the French
Because La Réunion is a French island.
Research: MH370 duplicate hidden in Tel Aviv.
And where do I conduct this "research"? Youtube videos?
What possible reason would the Israeli's do that?
Boy, you jews sure get in a tizzy when this info comes out.
Still waiting for the answers to the questions listed above. I won't hold my breath.
M-Research this. It's not hidden, its on display at Ben-Gurion just inside the outer security check point. The Israelis are using it as a water slide.
do not feed Mikey he needs your response to have a life. Ignore him and do not feed the troll! with no response he will have to go else where to get his jolly's this is what he lives for upsetting the masse's...
Send it to Boeing...what are the stupid french going to determine? duh!
Well,,, my tinfoil hat IS ON for this one, "there's no such thing as coincidence" :) Gibbs. The "piece" is big enough so 4, 6 guys can pick it up (no effort) in GREAT shape (for bouncing around) in "those" kind of ocean currents for a year or two, AMAZING the numbers are legible AND complete............................. NEXT............................ :)
Part numbers are either stamped in the metal or stamped on a plate which is them riveted to the structure. They would likely still be visible after 16 months in the ocean. 21 YEAR AIRCRAFT MECHANIC
I'll give you that Jim, however, "they" say those are some of the most treacherous waters/currents in the WORLD. Looks *pretty* good.
"Israelis housing MH370 duplicate at Ben Gurion airport" Research it.
We are moving closer!! LOL In 4 or 5 more months we might find out if this part of a plane was the one we were looking for!!!!
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits Fake downed Boeing 777 - FULL STORY explained hours after it was staged Fake missing Boeing 777 - exposed as hoax minutes after it was staged, FULL STORY exposed 5 days later end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
They still haven't tested it yet?? Im checking news day by day to see the results, an they haven't even started, haha!
Ring ring, hi is this Malaysia? Yes we found a piece of wing that could be from the missing plane, there is a number on it, it is blah blah, lets look it up. Huh 2 plus days and we still cant figure it out, and we have the serial number! Maybe they shipped it to france lab, but the police didn't want to pay for express shipping, the shipping they paid will take 4-7 business days.
Muslims revenge for China's behavior in xinjiang, and probably not the last one
Can they move a little slower finding out......
A week to get a 6 foot piece of plane out of a field !...I got tired of that pic !
Comments are wasting my time....just wait for the results!.....smh