All the crazy/silly theories of MH370 landing safely and passengers being held is ridiculous. It is a terrible event that resulted in the death of nearly 300 innocent people. The exact circumstances may never be known but hopefully will be. If the passengers' family members are looking for financial settlements NOW, then they should be able to file in the country of the passengers' residence and use all of their country's RULES OF LAW. Malaysian airlines provided family members with all sorts of care and benefits --- flying them to KL, providing hotels and meals for over 30 days and other services and offered money to cover funeral expenses without barring them from pursuing lawsuits.
Yup . And we still have people running around that believe there is life on Mars.
"As long as there wasn't any evidence of a crash, of wounded, of dead or whatever, there was a little glimmer of hope for us." I fully empathize and understand, however there comes a point in time when you have to get passed denial, come to terms with the loss, grieve and move on. How long do you expect that glimmer of hope to last? Do they really believe that their loved ones are safe somewhere and trying to get home? The longer you wait to move forward, you're wasting your life away. Sometimes human beings are their own worst enemies.
Someone expects that nine years later one of the passengers will phone home~!
It happened in Castaway! It could happen here. :(
Why send it to France? WHy not to Malaysia, Indonesia or China? Shaking my head. It's been almost 4 days since they found this very important evidence. Now it is barely in France? ANd it will take 4 more days for Boeing officials to come to France to examine it and verify it? Man, what a slow, inefficient and wasteful world we live in today. Incomprehensible.
I don't know how this is giving the families answers. It's been over a year, and a plane just "disappeared" from the sky. What "answers" do you want/need? What I do know is, UFO or not, Military missile or not, foul play, or not those people aren't coming back. What is interesting to me is, IF this plane did in fact crash into the ocean, why didn't it break apart? Or if it did in fact sink to the bottom, why are we just finding debris? I need answers to those questions, not about the fate of the passengers, we all know they aren't alive anymore.
The ocean is vast. Entire fleets have disappeared without a trace. If we find any debris at all, it's just luck.
@Alphonzo Spedoiky, I agree with you in that the ocean is vast, but it's just so......unbelievable that something like this happened. A #$%$ plane like that just disappears, and NO debris at all until just recently. It's eerie is all. I feel terribly for the families, I can't even imagine what they're going through.
It lets them know they are dead and not abducted by terrorists. (or ALIENS) LOL
@Zack, Schultz you know, the Alien thing is still possible.
You say the family doesn't need answers but yet you do? Why do YOU deserve answers? You aren't deserving. These families have the same questions as you, it isn't necessarily answers they want, it's closure.
Oh Liz, I didn't say I was more deserving of answers; however my questions are different than that of the families. Some families are still wondering the fate of the family. Everyone else already knows that, I just want to know how and why this happened. You can sit and spin all you want, but please be sure to read my comments thoroughly and not assume anything.
It obviously DID break apart which is how one piece form the wing washed up on the island. What are you missing here?
a few years ago a French plane went down in the water and they knew where it most likely crashed and it still took them 2 years to find the plane.
It takes awhile for stuff to drift about in the ocean, This chunk was small, seeing such chunks in an area bigger than the landmass of most of the Continents would be difficult at best.
There is a possibility with this debris that the plane was landed on the ocean in an effort to eliminate debris. To be put down as best the pilot could to further hide the plane location. This flap would have broken off in the ocean landing attempt.
I feel for the unexplained loss of so many human beings. I feel for their families and friends. This was a horrible event. All that having been said, at what point is it decided that enough time and enough millions have been spent looking for the proverbial needle in a haystack. I don't want to seem cold but I am very realistic. There has been TONS of money expended looking for this plane already that could be used to help those that are alive.
Of course it came from MH-370. There is only ONE Boeing 777 plane missing in the entire WORLD. Unless employees from Boeing are tossing extra pieces of 777 aircraft in the ocean, it's from MH-370
Finding that debris really doesn't make finding the rest of the plane any easier. Finding it really only confirms what everyone already knew, that the plane ended up in the Indian Ocean, and still doesn't explain why the plane went off course to begin with.
I said since day one man that the plane was set down on the water as to keep the plane intact. The plane sank and pieces broke off on the way down or pieces broke off while impacting with the ocean floor. When the body of the plane be found, all the guts will still be inside. How the people died I'm guessing they died from the oxygen being cut off'; something to that effect. The rogue pilot(s) killed themselves, end of story. The entire point being was to keep the world guessing, pointing fingers. If this had anything to do with religion they (The terrorist) kept it to themselves or the public isn't being notified of the truth. OR the plane was landed to be used for a future terroristical attack. This piece was removed from the craft manually. Made to look damaged and dropped off in the sea. According to the boots on the ground, the 777 that was shot down over the Ukraine, stated the bodies had already been dead. That there was signs of decomposition on some of the bodies. What's up with that? Something strange went on and what we is observing is part of the coverup process.
You love conspiracy theory don't you? Read more fiction.
"Even if we find out that this piece of debris belongs to MH370, there is no way to prove that our people were with that plane," said Jiang Hui, 41, whose father was on the flight. Yes, there's only a chance in hell they weren't still on the plane. Since when did this become a "kidnapping by space aliens" incident? Where else would their bodies be if not on that plane? Not like you can land something that big just anywhere and drop people off.
I can't imagine what these families are going thru and I'm sure they're hoping that they survived no matter how impossible that may be. We don't see it because it's not our loved ones on there and hopefully we don't have to deal with something like this.
Without conspiracy theories, CrazyA, tragedies would just be, well, tragic. It is the foil hats that keep the story alive for decades, create entertaining movies, give a ray of hope to families that prefer hanging on to moving on.
Can't believe not one evidence of the plane except for that wing and how do you know for sure it really came from MH370. There would be other parts floating as well.
madison, how many huge chunks of Boeing 777's do you think are floating around the Indian Ocean of other flights? How many pieces they find is dependent on how many are able to float, the rest of it sinks. I'm surprised they didn't find more luggage yet.
i think he means, the piece proves nothing.plane could have made a successful emergency landing at sea, everybody escaped into life rats, then the plane broke up. he means, he does not know what happened to cause the crash or how his family died.
True, that statement was pretty ridiculous. Where else are the remains of this people be, in some exoplanet? I know the pain and frustation, but resignation finally has yo sink in and put the matter to rest.
@michael A successful emergency landing at sea? Everyone escaped into life rafts? Seriously? A huge, heavy 777 that landed safely on water and floated long enough to allow everyone to get into a life raft? Really? And why haven't we heard from or even found all of these successfully, escaped passengers?
A successful emergency landing, only the wing broke off? Um yeah, you go with that. the passengers are dead and most of the plane is lying on the bottom of the ocean with the rest drifting aimlessly.
Let me guess...an uncharted island that has dinosaurs and weird beings that live underground...Oh wait that was land of the lost, Or Lost, or....we will find a few chunks and the rest will never be seen.
I hope this discovery ultimately gives the families of the victims some kind of closure. A little kindness and sensitivity go a long way when tragedies occur.
Why are these plane crash stories interesting and newsworthy? Because they are so rare. 88 people died in car accidents in the USA yesterday. 88 or so will tomorrow and every day this year. Barely a peep about it. Plane travel is incredibly incredibly safe. It is so safe that when 162 people are missing probably dead it is headline news. 3000 dead this month on our roadways is not a headline you often see. In some ways it is a matter of control. When you drive a car you think you have control, unfortunately, most are delusional. You can drive a safe car (like a Volvo) and have good insurance (I use $30/month from Insurance Panda), but even still… half of all car deaths are the other guys fault - you have zero control. All it takes is 1 texting teenager, 1 drunk, 1 stroke victim or 1 sleepy truck driver and you are dead. Happens 40-50 times every single day in the USA alone. In a way this coverage maintains the irrational out sized fear people have of certain things. Same with terrorism which is less likely to harm you than a lightning strike. At some point the media might want to stop preying on irrational fear and educate people on the true dangers in life. Don't hold your breath.
There were 239 passengers and crew on MH370, but that's still small compared to the statistics you cited - unless one of your loved ones was among the missing. You're absolutely right about it being a matter of control - if you're driving a car you can sometimes make some kind of defensive move to avoid an accident, or at least have the illusion that you can do something, but in a plane you're at the mercy of the pilots, potential hijackers, and the mechanical condition of the aircraft. Also, you never hear of a car crash with 239 victims, or see widespread debris fields, so the horror of plane crashes is magnified that much more.
So they are thinking about suing Boeing for selling a plane to somebody who didn't do proper maintenance? So I can sue my car maker for a crash because I didn't put new tires on? I also wonder how people were still clinging to hope that people would be found alive. Did they think there was an uncharted island they landed on? Or that aliens would release the plane unharmed?
People sue everyone for every reason, they're just hoping for an out of court settlement and an easy payday.
Still no one has made any effort to put real time tracking on non military planes. Hummmm
If the debris is confirmed to be from a Boeing 777 then its almost certainly from MH370. The 777 has only been in commercial service since the 1990's and there have only been 4 serious incidents: Flight 214 crash landed in San Francisco on 7/6/13 causing 2 fatalities but the aircraft was mostly in tact and on the runway. Flight 38 crash landed in London on 1/17/08. There were some serious injuries but no fatalities. The aircraft was a complete loss but again, all debris were on land. Flight 17 was shot down on 7/17/14 over the Russia-Ukraine border killing everyone on board. There's still much debate about what country or what terrorist organization shot it down and why, but one thing is undisputed - all of the debris are on land. Bottom line, flight MH370 is the only incident in 777 history that could possibly have resulted in parts of a 777 floating around in any part of the ocean. There's still the question of confirming that this is actually from a 777, but if it is there is just no way it could be anything other than MH370. My heart goes out to the families. Hopefully this at least brings some closure to this tragedy.
You left off the one at Cairo Airport on 05/05/1997
I believe there's little doubt that it's not the plane everyone is looking for.
Flight OZ 214 burned and therefore was a complete loss! Not exactly mostly intact...
The 777 has the best safety record of all time. I agree, if the investigators confirm it's from a 777, then it's definitely MH370. Also there was a South African Airways Flight 295 747-200 Combi that crashed in the same area. So it could be from that.
What I was thinking Lesh, there there was the 757 that was hijacked and crashed nearby but that was off the shore of an island, and I doubt they would had missed that piece. If this piece is confirmed to be from a 777, then he conclusion is clear, it's from MH370. Then take this "lead" for all its worth on this baffling mystery.
The Malaysian official wouldn't know an airplane part from a palm tree. What are they talking about. Leave it to the experts outside the country.
We should not rejoice that we are closer to solving the mystery of the downed MH370 because the broken wing could have easily traveled 2000 miles by the ocean currents. Imagine if you were in a canoe for a year floating along in the Indian Ocean.
They did not look in the right place YET!
Gloria-ignorance is bliss, I'd wager you're not bright enough to produce the cash to pay off even $10 bets for every verified photo of canoes on ocean waters. Get back in mommy's basement and wait for dinner.
Don't you think that the other debris would float along the same current at some time too and end up in relatively the same place?
Oh Max, don't think they are not scouring every beach in that part of the world now, baby. If it floated, it washed up somewhere.
It would have been nice if this article included a map of the Indian Ocean with Reunion Island on it!
Now is up to the oceanographers. They know how long it's been in the water, but they might not yet have the data to determine the precise ocean currents that brought it to where it was discovered. My biggest questions regarding those currents regard how much variation there is within the year, and also year to year.
Good luck with that - they need to look close to those islands! But, I HOPE the USA is not spending money looking for this plane!
When this first was news like everyday news the path could have taken it out more west and if it were even more east or closer to Australia it could have still gotten caught up in the current that goes north then west which would most likely land debris where it ended up.. just my opinion
@Mich55, right just your opinion not based on any facts or scientific reasoning. But thanks for dragging the conversation down a few intellectual notches. David, you cheap tightwad with no curiosity except what will be on TV tonight. Thank the Lord you are not part of the decision making process in finding this plane. They're Coming, we can only hope you are going with them, but I doubt they would want someone as uninformed as you. Trying reading up. You just might be surprised at what they know about ocean currents.
Let's all hope it will shed some light on this mystery.
I guess we can now debunk the ,alien spacecraft sucking the plane into it's sinister grip! Whoa, what are these people smoking?
If this is part of a 777 then MH370 would be the only candidate. Beyond that, all this tells you is that it did indeed crash in the Indian Ocean. But, except for a few wild-eyed conspiracy theorists, everybody knew that already.
I just watched an interesting NOVA program on PBS called Why Planes Vanish, about this flight. I recommend it.
If it actually is from the plane it's certainly no clue in locating it. It is however a very good indication the bulk of it is shredded to pieces and will never in a million years be found.
Hope some closure can be brought for the families...
This was one of the worst in a very long time, then not able to locate anything with such a massive search, not the closure the family's wanted but finally some closure. RIP
But now there is hope to at least try to find the plane again, with all the experts in science and in the movement of the currents and all that stuff maybe now in time we'll find the rest of the plane, it will put closure to many families; maybe more pcs will show up god willing.
When a plane breaks up, in mid-air over the open ocean, there is debris. Not a partial wing floating up one year later. With current technology, with the satellite activity we have - there is no reason for this plane to not have been found - if it did indeed crash/break up in flight.
HOW do they plan to test whether it's from MH370? Are there unique serial numbers on the parts or something?
Yes, all airline parts have a unique serial number that is recorded during flight inspection / maintenance and can be compared to confirm the debris originated from the plane in question
It will be pretty easy to identify because the 777 has the best safety record, only had 2 fatal accidents (maybe 3 after this is confirmed). They will analyze the "flaperon" that was found in Reunion Island and look at the blueprint designs of the 777 to confirm the match.
You mean it wasn't part of some grandiose plan by Russia or radical Muslims? It was just a crazy pilot who intentionally flew it into the Indian Ocean like they said all along? Wow! This isn't going to go over well with the tinfoil hat crowd.
Eventually more and more debris will wash ashore, but bits and pieces will make it over a long period of time as the Indian Ocean is like a giant eddy with the current flowing round and round therefore keeping loads of junk in the ocean. Any island in the ocean expanse could capture fragments. The greatest mystery that will never be solved is why the plane was there in the first place.
About the only thing this will resolve is that MH370 crashed into the Indian Ocean. Tracing back to where it came from is one daunting task. It gives us the chance to see just how much we know about Indian Ocean currents. You just knew something had to show up somewhere eventually.
The ill-fated plane must have exploded and disintegrated midair at a very high altitude that all its little pieces must have scattered all over the sea and after year the debris could be thousand of miles apart.
We can spot mineral deposits from a satellite far underground, with ground penetrating radar,, we can see the US flag on the moon with a telescope,, we can look at rocks on Mars,,, we can send a satellite to Pluto millions of miles away and land one on a comet,, we can spot a Russian sub anywhere on the planet with electronic gear.. we can track 10,000 or more specks of space junk in orbit around our planet day to day,, we can see asteroids coming from millions of miles away,, but we cannot find this airplane that crashed. I find that amazing.
Lets break your comment down. You can't see the flag with a telescope, We have a rover that we sent to do this job. We've known where Mares is for some time now. Same with Pluto, we've know where it is for some time now. And there's only distance between us. Very little particles. No clue what you mean about Russian subs. But I guaranty there much easier to find due to the relative shallow depths and active power sources. Object that are on the ocean floor tend to blend in compared to things suspended between the surface and floor. I've never read anything that suggest we track specks of space junk. The fact is, we have a large search area and there is an enormous amount of stuff blocking our view (water) More stuff that's in the 4.67 billion miles between earth and Pluto.
Scott.. take 2 aspirin and go to bed. My GOD@!
Nice grammar you got there Scott. Ever complete the second grade or even learn a bit of history? Read something other than Yahoops once in a while and you might learn a thing or two about NASA, NORAD, Russia, China... I could go on but that would be useless to you.
Why the wing segment being sent to France when the planes manufacturer is Boeing located here in the US and would probably best suited to say whether or not this wing segment is actually from a 777?
This island is part of France. The local authorities don't have any choice about where to send it.
And you can be sure that the French investigators will definitely be in touch with Boeing, checking out this part for clues as to which aircraft this was installed on.
According to conspiracists, it is quite obvious that Putin had the plane hijacked and just recently had the plane crashed via remote control as Interpol was very close to revealing his nefarious plot.
It took a lot of reporters to not tell very much.
Lots of maybe's in this reporting... reporters, what a joke the have become.
Uh-oh. Media haters. Just what would we have gotten from you jokers? No one would know about it if we counted on your lazy butts to get off the couch.
Who objects to the U.S. spending yet more money on this search ? not the families who are involved and heartbroken, ? I am truly sorry for the family members, The fact is they will never solve this horriable tradgedy, The people who boarded this plane knew their countries polocies on how much money would be rewarded if there were a an accident,they still boarded the plane, if this is the missing plane , lets hope some closure will come to all the distraught families, If people in the U,S, want to send monies to a fund to help these people out , lets start one, other wise I think they should abide by their countries rules, and no more of our money go on another billion dollar hunt for this plane , it is useless.nothing will ever finalise what happened to this plane,nothing will ever bring back one person aboard that ill fated flight.
Something missing here - when this thing was first found there was supposed to be someone from Boeing on the way to the island to check the numbers on the object and determine if it was from a 777 and specifically from the missing plane - now they are sending the thing to France so one can only assume that the numbers were missing or did not match and why has that fact been keep from the public?
No...only YOU assume that. The rest understand that this is under French jurisdiction and they are the ones to handle the investigation. Just because they dont disclose all the info or enough to satisfy you doesnt mean theres always a conspiracy. Investigations arent always going to give the public full disclosure as it breaks for obvious reasons.
I was actually musing last night about the possibility that somebody had remotely taken over control over the flight and the pilots then tried to disactivate all comm functions in order to regain control of the flight, but they may not have completely shut down all systems and as a result the plane continued on the last programmed course until it ran out of fuel.
Plane was likely equipped with a remote system that allows someone on the ground to take control of the plane and shut out pick to control...system was developed by Boeing after 911
To hell with that. There should always be mechanical backup controls on planes. I don't care if it takes 8 people to operate various levers. There are usually plenty of people on a plane.
The only passenger aircraft manufactured that is operated through the use of a "wi-fi" type system of flight and engine controls is the Boeing 787. 777's are still all electro, hydraulic, and mechanical controls so nobody on the ground or in the aircraft can control it from outside the cockpit.
Anyone believing that MH370 was flown by remote control is very ignorant of the capabilities of modern commercial aircraft.
"The location is consistent with the drift analysis provided to the Malaysian investigation team, which showed a route from the southern Indian Ocean to Africa." Yet they never thought of looking in this direction. Sounds more like covering their #$%$ hoping to take the lawsuits off the table. Maybe MH370, maybe not... Could be, well... who knows. Experts are full of it right now.
That's kind of what I said. Why didn't they search according to these currents a year ago? It seems like they were focused on the sw corner of Australia. If the currents carried it north, they should have plotted that course to check instead of staying on the southern tip...
I rather doubt they are spending all that much time looking anywhere these days.
#1 Pilots can not turn off the transponder in the black box.#2 For security reasons, a pilot may not be told where to find the black box. #3 There only has to be one person on that plane that someone or a group wanted to eliminate and that may have happened? Did a strong storm bring that plane part from the ocean bottom to its unusual resting place? #4 That was pretty far off the beach and the surf did not disrupt the habitat near or surrounding the flap. If you are expecting to ever hear the truth, you won't. There is too much money in stake for that to happen. Condolences to the friends and family of the victims and I do not mean any disrespect in my statements but, if you put everything together, it was definitely not right from the beginning? Maybe Obama can get to the bottom of this?
Obama would look into this only if there had been an African lion aboard that had been shot by a rich white guy.
If we never hear "the truth" it'll be because the only people who KNOW the truth are sleeping with the fishes - literally. If this is NOT a piece of an aircraft, or if it a piece of an aircraft but not of MH370's Boeing 777, then the season for conspiracy theorists is officially open again. If this IS a piece of MH370, then we still have a mystery, but an abortive hijacking or deliberate suicide (dumping the aircraft where it will never be found so life insurance will pay out) are the most likely scenarios.
Pilots are taught to turn off all non-essential cockpit electronics when they see smoke. That would include the transponder.
It was one of those aircraft accidents, where rarely if ever anybody survives. Resignation is the only hope, that and all the lawsuits that may ensure as a result of the catastrophe. That is the risk crew and passengers take when flying. Everything has to go perfect for everyone to arrive safely.
This is heartbreaking. The families of the victims were hoping that for some inexplicable reason, their loved ones would be found alive.
Yeah; everyone cooling it in a previously unknown luxury resort. Having too much fun to call home...
I think this will be one of the unexplained mystery of aviation history.
If this debris is from MH370 then maybe the families can begin to get some closure, it must be heII not knowing what happened to your loved ones.
Don't worry folks CNN has it all figured out, with their crack-pot experts on staff they should have the mystery solved in about 8 hrs.
Quite honestly above everything else in this case. I SINCERELY hope this is the jet wreckage. Because finally the victims families can put some closure to all of this. And god willing be able to move on with there lives as positive as they possibly can given the circumstances.
If it is the MH370 then we can stop worrying the plane was hijacked to be used for terrorist purposes.
If the aircraft struck water at speeds greater than where flaps were fully retracted, the flap and wing assembly should have stayed pretty much intact. Like a fist protects fingers. Looks like this flap was torn from the flap track assembly as if flaps were at least partly extended, allowing water to tear it loose on impact. Just a thought noted from long history o like situations.
Exactly, a planned soft landing in a watery grave (for the plane).
It never went to Australia. It probably went west toward Africa based on this. The odds of it washing ashore on little Reunion based on currents is slim if it went down near sw Australia like they said it did.
Most likely it is from that flight if it crashed in the Indian Ocean. The southern gyre runs counter clockwise passing the west side of Australia on the upward swing going north and on the downside going south past Reunion, Madagascar and the east coast of Africa. Seasonally the northern gyre runs clockwise for a few months during the monsoon. Debris could have taken that time to drift 3,500 miles or more.
If it is from a 777 wing, it has to be the missing MH flight. I doubt that there are any other missing 777 wings in the history of aviation.
Not knowing where else to post me comment - I'll settle for this location. The story that should SCARE THE HELL OUT OF MOST AMERICANS, seems to be an after thought. An individual parks his car outside of an airport check-in terminal (in Dallas, Texas), runs through ALL ( so-called) 'security' check points, and boards an airplane! I'm just glad he was only #$%$ off with his girlfriend and not the rest of the country! AMERICA - WAKE UP! If this dunderhead can so easily get through security, just imagine what an IS representative might be able to do!
Didn't you know? It's illegal to stop a black person at any time, including the airport. The TSA would be facing harassment charges and the President would be chastising them on national TV had they stopped that black man from entering the terminal and boarding the plane.
unless he brought the piece of wing through the airport with him, you are posting in the wrong place. google the story about the guy mad at his girlfriend in Dallas airport and post it there.
So why haven't we heard anything from Boeing?
Such as: -- Yes this looks like a Boeing wing part. -- We'll be right over to Toulouse to look at it. -- That number is meaningful/not meaningful. -- 777 wing parts are unique/not unique.
Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits On 7/30 breaking "news" about flight MH370, t Human cattle, unable to realize to what lengths he's being mocked, quotes "news" ("The part is most certainly from a 777. It may be from MH370.") and comments: "No, really. Just how may 777's are currently missing? Hmmm, just one. How much are these "investigators" getting paid, anyway. It must be by the hour." Someone else writes: "They" found a wing part and a suitcase with it, in the middle of the Indian Ocean. what are the odds that two pieces of the craft floated for 18 months over thousands of miles and wound up in the exact same place at the exact same time? BASICS Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Being 777 Originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk: end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
I dream after the missing of the plane tat they are all alive,they landed the plane in the island close to the ocean and they been covered with handkerchief at their eyes ,they walk out each by each person out the plane..Im sure its true cause I know god showed me.
No one knows for sure if that is the same plane or another plane or exactly how it got there or some luggage. Maybe another plane lost some luggage or it was dropped off instead of going to Gilligan's Island, and missed the spot to exactly where the luggage was going.
It's a piece of a wing, buddy, not a suitcase.
Ray, try to read slowly and follow along......
Can't believe not one evidence of the plane except for that wing and how do you know for sure it really came from MH370. There would be other parts floating as well Seems like a part from another aircraft of the same model. That plane totally disappeared without a trace for sure. That old wing seems to bring false hope or mislead people to think that is where the plane went down but nothing else exist. Too strange for me to know.
madison. Your comment would mean another aircraft of that type would have missing also.
madison, since the 777 went into service in 1995 there have only been 5 that have suffered from "hull loss." Hull loss refers to irreparable damage to the aircraft. MH370 is the only 777 that disappeared over an ocean. The other 4 were land crashes where the sites were identified. As there have been no other major airline crashes in the region and no other 777s having been involved in a crash...well, that's why experts are fairly certain the piece found was from MH370.
"almost certainly" I suspect whomever made that determination did so with no more evidence than what we have - a photo of the part. If I were in that position, I would hold off on making any comments until I have something more substantive to go on.
Yeah, there are thousands of downed jets...
Donald - you see the confusion (and agony) which is arising these days? I go back to my statement a week ago, "I would hold off on making any comments until I have something more substantive to go on."
Drifting for over year this piece could come from thousands of miles away where it was found which dos not make any easier to solve MH370 mystery disappearance.
They can trace the ocean currents... but it will be a daunting task, and it will take time...
Human cattle mocked to the utter limits at the end of the show: missing wing from downed Boeing 777 found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean Fake downed Boeing 777 - All explained hours after it was staged end-times-reductionism.blog+spot --- /2014/07/ Illuminati serving reality as black is white. World War III: Real story is the opposite of what illuminati media tells you, on all fronts. Afghanistan: puppet installed by NATO is in reality fighting the same mujaheddin of the Northern Alliance who were fighting the Taliban before the 2001 theater "NATO puts an end to the Taliban regime". Iraq: Only footage of Ramadi with the ISIS flag: shot just before iranian nazi forces fled Ramadi. An iranian plants the ISIS flag, in a psy-op to make people believe the ISIS BIG LIE: There's no recognizable footage of Mosul under the ISIS flag because it's all a BIG LIE by illuminati, their media and their puppet governments. THERE's NO ISIS in IRAQ. Syria, Libya: ISIS are mercenaries sent by Turkey (NATO), fake Putin a nazi agent (chechen terrorists) and Saudi Arabia, to fight and discredit the real rebels. Yemen: Illuminati repeat the fake bombings ad nauseum at Sanaa to save their Houthis alias Saleh puppet, while fake sunnis of Saudi Arabia gov stage a fake war against the Houthis and a real war to bomb the real rebels. BASICS iraq-war-film.blog+spot
Well there. A lot to say? Unfortunately nobody seems to want to read it cause you have no ratings.
This is your brain on drugs.
people just can't be satisfied. when you don't know, they demand an answer. but when you know, they can't take it. if it is confirm then this should provide a closure. then again, if your loved ones disappear for so long they are probably dead somewhere, so it wouldn't be a surprise to me. anyway, 777 don't just crash easily. it's probably deliberate.
777 are very safe and very big, I fly them all the time overseas, this was not just a accident.
There is the loon fringe that suggested that the plane was shot down by the US military, and more loons that suggested that the plane was forced to land in Kazakhstan. I sure hope this discovery leads to the truth, and the final resting place... and that it finally shuts up the conspiracy theory loons!!!!
They'll just adjust their lunacy so that it fits into their conspiracies.
All hyperbole. The U.S. government (NSA/CIA) know exactly what happened, when & where & how. Diego Garcia is one of the largest, if not THE largest radar installation in the world. Along with the most sophisticated commumication interception, tracking and disrupting equipment in the world. They know when a bird takes off or warbles anywhere in that part of the earth for some thousands of miles. Considering the large amount of highly classified equipment on the plane and the wealthy, powerful people as well as the scientists on board it is almost a 100% conclusion that the plane was eliminated by U.S. government people. All this will be classified TOP SECRET forever to proted our military capability and to cover up the massive corrupt criminal conspiracy commotted here.
I bought one of those Hyper Bowls . It doesn't hold any more Snit than the regular ones .
And when you need to make an aluminum foil hat, Purchase the foil from the 99 cent store, You get a lot more for your price and it is not manufactured by the Imperialistic government cover ups of the country you live in.
And, DG is nowhere near the largest radar installation in the world. Not even close.
here malaysia says almost certainly. nbc has maylaysia saying too premature to speculate if it is or not. you people need to make up your minds, or quit pretending you know what the word 'journalism' means. it doesnt mean keeping your journal under your bed at night, lying to yourself about how you wish the neighbor boy liked you.
Let's just look at the FACTS: MUSLIM pilots who shut the transponder off and turned the plane far off course. That's all we know. It is very likely the plane sent pings to a satellite, and it appears they flew far out over the Indian Ocean. If you have muslim pilots deliberately tampering with the flight, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out why this plane went down. Just like the "accidnet" in NYC right after 9/11 where the MUSLIM pilot yelled allah snakbar as he forced the plane into the ground.
R, is that all you have in your vocabulary?
You neonazis hate Muslims the same way that Hitler hated Jews
Explain how you know for a FACT that the pilots switched off the transponder.
R. I take it your a GOAT #$%$@#%?
michael shows himself to be one of those stupid neonazis who never learned how to spell
Brian Williams says he was on a fishing boat in the Indian Ocean and saw the plane fly overhead.
investigation need to consider all aspects, the component is nearly all intact, looks very clean. From what little I know, it looks like a decoy meant to be found earlier nearer to the crash date.
I just hope no US tax money is being used for this search cause it is a total waste of time and resources.
Hopefully the families of those lost ones can get answers soon. All the victims and families are in my prayers. (Revelation 21:3,4).
If this is true...it must be a great relief for the families and the beginning of a search perhaps in the correct area where the plane might have gone down. perhaps judging the currents in the region will give some clue as to the direction it might have drifted.
No ridiculous,outlandish,insane hypothesis can be ruled out yet! All Yahoo member's crazy hypothesis are still on the table! : )
I'm going with the general theory that it was caused by a deliberate act, most likely by the pilots, both Muslims. That's relevant cause quite a few other civil airliner crashes have been caused by Muslim pilots, on suicide missions. I consider religious extremists from any "faith" equally insane, but all of the civil airline crashes have been caused by Muslims. Go draw your own conclusions.
This island is so close to eastern AFRICA, that it looks like the aircraft may have intentionally flown south westward from Malaysia. The pilot could have suffered a deep depression when his compadre was thrown into prison?
Well, lets see now, that item is a serialized assembly. How difficult is it to enter the serial number into the Boeing system and see what aircraft was the lucky recipient of that serialized assembly... Hmmmm obviously a serious challenge... The media aint gonna let it happen....
Could the plane have been hijacked and shot down by the military?
two weeks after it went down and noticing all the fuss and millions spent in the search, I posted the money would be better spent canceling the search and giving the money being spent to the bereaved families. "after all" I wrote, " the plane's parts will be found by some obscure person, not even involved in the search, on a beach on a distant island, or in an obscure fisherman's nets"...
So do you want a cookie now? You think you have some form of ESP? LOL, some peoples kids!
What a rude and sarcastic reply, Micha! Completely uncalled for. The "some people's kids" comment could very well apply to you
@Micha - just more sense than most, (and make it chocolate chip, thank you!)
Aviation forensic experts possibly could tell the angle of the crash by the destruction patterns on the wing. I have always believed that the majority of the plane sunk intact without much debris.Perhaps sheared off wings and the rest slowly sunk. Possibly know soon.
Metallurgy is a good science. I am sure analysis will give some clues as to the rate and angle of impact.
We are all glad that YOU have 'always" thought that, Tim.
Yea,me too AL. I mean it was a common conclusion among commoners such as myself that if there is no wreckage.....perhaps it sank mostly intact. Look when that 777 went end over end in San Francisco two years ago upon landing on a HARD TARMAC and still basically stayed together. You need a hard one AL.
The 777 is a nifty plane, that pilot had to work hard to wreck it. Basically set a course and ran it out of gas.
Pretty sure every single expert out there has already stated it's nearly impossible for that large of an aircraft to sink to the bottom of the ocean, remaining virtually intact. There would and should have been a widespread debris field if it really did crash into the ocean.
Since this part is from the TRAILING edge of the wing your theory is garbage.
One piece of a wing and people are already thinking lawsuit. I'm just wondering what the exact, specific details of the lawsuit would be based on this one piece. Money grubbing greedheads.
Probably placed there by the Australian government, to make it look as if they are still searching for the plane.
Prince William and Kate were vacationing in the Maldives when the plane disappeared. Coincidence?
Not at all. They must have stolen it.
"almost certainly part of a Boeing " Really? How many plane wings do you think could possible be in the Indian Ocean? One!!! "This wreckage has been in the water - if it is MH370". Are there any other Large planes missing? Yes it is MH370. Not maybe. Not probably. Yes for sure. We are so sensitive, political correct, we are hesitant to say the obvious. Just my thought
I agree. they could verify bin ladins dna a few hours after his death and they can't confirm a piece of a 777 wing even after reading the serial number on it? really?
YEAH this is exactly what i have been thinking also, punch the number into a computer and in about one and a half seconds you will see that it comes from the plane in question. isn't it??
DUH! Where else could it have come from? How many missing airplanes went down in the Indian Ocean a year ago? I find it amazing that the island is owned by France but inhabited by non-French Asians. Now the French will tell us the island wants to go communists and we'll send in the troops and fight a ten year war. Remember: nobody ever heard of Vietnam that was part of France's French Indochina until we backed France's imperialism after they were weakened by the #$%$.
Dufus -- I have known about this French possession since I was in 7th grade -- more than 60 years ago.
It is erroneous to call them "non-French."
ALL actors same as What appears to be an attack against whites is in fact preparing the manuhunt for blacks and other non-whites. Published before the "Confederate flag banned" psy-op", staged shortly after using the same basic psy-op technique. BIKER GANG shooting hoax, Waco, Texas: How and Why did the illuminati stage it How it was staged: Mock simulated realiity at the end of shpw, create cognitive dissonance The "first impact", this time figuratively not litterally as in the Germanwings hoax staged as "everything vaporized". Despite "a massive brawl and shooting between two biker gangs" there's no blood, the bikes are orderly ranged. On the other hand, it's packaged as "impossible that it was staged": Massive use of actors but by far not as many as what is suggested. Example: 21 mug shots while video states "170 gang members now under arrest". Agendas USA agendas include «disarm citizens», «accept police shooting cvilians», «set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights», «manhunt for non-whites». Global agendas: to complete the psy-op "Putin's biker gang ride from Moscow to Berlin", staged days earlier using the illuminazi suicide bombers of russian government to revenge Hitler's defeat. Set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights: As illustrated by headlines "Police want bikers off streets after deadly Texas shooting". As for "Feds Plan To Ban Biker Gangs From Wearing Logos": This will also ultimately apply to: Confederate Flag - associated with hate crime group NRA stickers and patches - associated with crime paraphernalia Christian Cross - associated with organized discrimination Marijuana Leaf items - associated with illegal activities This is an ongoing program. The "Redskins" logo was the main precedent setter to get people used to the idea. There are many more logos and symbols that will be affected. Essentially, no logo that is not Trademarked will be allowed to be displayed....and the Trademarking process will filter out all of the unwanted logos and symbols. Manhunt for non-whites: 1. What seems to be a "manhunt for bikers, almost all white" is in fact staged as "contrast it with Baltimore riots", another act setting the stage for the supervised race war: from having police dressed similarly to the bikers to the biker's reaction, orderly waiting to be detained. 2. Set a legal precedent to go after ANYONE part of a gang. Gang members will be the first to be rounded and beheaded by the guillotine in malls morphed into extermination camps, with shops used as very temporary death row cells. Why is a "BIKER GANG shooting" headlines around the world? One of the agendas is to refresh the brains of the human cattle about the previous BIKER GANG psy-op, the ride of russian bikers to Berlin to celebrate Victory Day over Hitler 70 years later, alias to mock it. In other words: the "mind control" alias psy-op technique of acceptance/refusal/refreshing by association. ALL us-state-terror.blog+spot.--- /2015/05/
Human cattle mocked to the utter limits at the end of the show: missing wing from downed Boeing 777 found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean Fake downed Boeing 777 - All explained hours after it was staged end-times-reductionism.blog+spot --- /2014/07/ === Talk of fake crashes By the same treasonous illuminati agents who staged the fake Transasia crash and torchedl hundreds at a water park. "Taiwan's KMT picks pro-China Hung for presidential race" or to what lengths the treasonous nazi agents of Taiwan gov go. The coming BIG BANG reality (starts with actor Obama's staged arrest) is the opposite of what traitors and the media suggest with the psy-ops "Charleston church shooting /confederate flag banned" and "gay marriage legalized". The SAME illuminati who just legalized "gay marriage" plan to start to exterminate not only blacks but also homosexuals in malls shortly after the BIG BANG 2015. Start here Taiwan waterpark fire - REAL story: mass human sacrifice of young blood at a Gay Pride event by the same illuminati who legalized gaymarriage. in the US, was not as effective as planned. parallel-and-reversed.blogºspot. --- /2015/06/
Several people on the Maldive Islands claimed to have seen the plane fly over. The current on La Reunion flows north to south, which could indicate the plane hit the water somewhere north or northeast of there. I would look along the line of the current, west or south of the Maldives for the plane.
Hold the commentary until the part is positively identified. These articles are totally unprofessional.
There is a research station on the island of Kergalen. It has radars. What information does it have around the days that it happens. That would probably be the only radar in that area that could have information.
It is easy to identify a plane part. Every separate piece of that assembly has a part number as well as the whole assembly.
This part is also likely to be serialized, that is, have a serial number specific to that one flaperon.
I agree... there must be serial or other identifying numbers on these major assemblies!!
Not so quick guys, a SN can only be found on one small piece of that whole part. But the part isn't whole...
Maybe it got ripped off when the plane flew into another dimension...
MH370 seems it will be confirmed to have crashed in the ocean upon verification of the debris. That, in itself, will rule out hijacking and theft of the aircraft to some other location. Determining why the aircraft was terribly off its course to Beijing, however, likely will never be known. The families and friends of the passengers will now, at least, have that knowledge whether it's some sort of a relief or comfort to them at all.
Not sure you can ever rule anything out unless the black boxes are recovered
It still could have been hijacked or someone tried to steal it and it crashed before they made it anywhere, so it doesn't rule that out at all.... Look at the United Flight 93 that crashed in Shanksville Pennsylvania, hijackers stole control of the plane and it crashed before it could hit anything in Washington DC where it was headed. So if this is indeed a piece of MH370 it is most definitely in pieces on the ocean floor somewherend not intact in a hanger somewhere in the world like some thought....
Right you are, Arbm. As unlikely as it seems now, the recovery of the debris may actually, through some quirk or moment of brilliant insight on someone's part, enable or aid in the discovery of the main wreckage and the black boxes. As far as I know, the efforts to locate the crash site are still ongoing, with perseverance and expectations, albeit they are searching an enormous and very deep ocean. Maybe, just maybe, a year's worth of weather and oceanographic satellite data regarding ocean currents and storms will help. Good fortune be with the searchers.
I agree, Gr8. My point was that, assuming the debris is verified (I think we know it will be), we know the aircraft wasn't successfully hijacked, stolen, and taken someplace. That knowledge, at the very least, solves a small part of the overall mystery.
All key players should keep close to the search to assure the truth comes out. You can be sure the White House has 370 as top priority. Media of a cover-up would put a Republican in the presidency.
This could be great news. The disappearance of flight MH 370 remains one of the biggest mysteries of recent aviation history.
Does this mean that CNN will finally have something to talk about 24/7 other than Donald Trump?
It would be the mother lode if Trump had something remotely to do with the crash.
Don't lose focus Democrats, it was Bush, Bush, Bush that did it.
Heck, maybe they can link the Patriots into into. . some one deflated a tire..
Latest news is that some graffiti has been found scrawled on the flaperon: TRUMP WOZ HERE.
Not only did Bush, Trump, and the Patriots do it, but "he#$%$/what-is-it" Jenner was involved. These so-called "reporters" that write the garbage that Yahoo publishes are obviously amateur idiots studying very hard to become morons.
A plane needs to disappear with Trump in it
ARE YOU KIDDING, they already are all over this all day long! No end in sight. You would think they found the Arc of the Covenant.
Or you can turn on Faux News for pure propaganda.
I am not expert, but if you were to draw a straight line continuing from the planes last contact with the ground to the last verified position of the plane from the Malaysian military radar, that straight line would lead very close to the Reunion Island. At least much closer compared to where they were last looking for it. What am I missing?
Ocean currents more complicated than that. They showed a map of the currents. No straight line. Plus we are a year-and-a-half out? Very difficult to reverse map to the scene of the crash. They found a ripped up luggage bag on same island; let's see what else they find.
Brian, all I am saying that if the plane continued at that straight line, it would have crashed near that island, before the currents got involved.
IF TWO PIECES OF TRAVEL RELATED DEBRIS HAVE BEEN FOUND ON THIS ISLAND MIGHT THERE BE MORE DEBRIS TO BE FOUND THERE?
Does anyone here really believe this to be part of that plane? Ask questions, always.
Well, finally the mystery is solved. It crashed into the ocean somewhere. Couldn't see that coming.
Country which sends aircraft with a thermobaric bomb from Mossad (MH370, MH17) has a predominant number of citizens, but of a different genome than the genome of the leadership of this country. This is a clear sign of genocide from the zionists-fascists, which usurped power in the country. Airplane flight MH370 is blown up by thermobaric explosion of Mossad on the crosshairs currents of South Equatorial and North Equatorial of the Indian Ocean, in the purpose of training before the terrorist act of genocide MH17. This crosshair of currents (cold intentionally not shown by request of the organizers of the terrorist attacks) provides maximum dispersion of debris. Crew brought the aircraft a course for Somalia, has included the timer of thermobaric explosion, has removed the black boxes and left the plane by parachutes through the hatch "NO STEP" (Thank Boeing!). Judging by the subperitoneal corpses of act of terrorism 9/11 (after 3 days), crew was killed later.
Vladimir. Wow, what are you smoking?
If not tripped the bomb with a timer, the airplane without the crew would be brought down by Islamists of Somalia (of Kabul - for MH17, according to legends) - by intelligence agents of the Pentagon-Mossad, by missiles of Pentagon's (Russia). Airplane flight MH370 flied low over Kuda Huvadhoo, because at the Islamists of Somalia no missiles of BUK1. The Islamists of Kabul could shoot down the plane MH17 by the rocket from the mountains (from the Pentagon).
Vladimir. OK, Must be some very good vodka then?
Selecting of Malaysia has been defined to zionists-fascists because the Malaysian government is pursuing a policy of predominance of state property, which is closest to the socio-political system of the peoples of Jesus Christ and the species of HomoSapiens, created by the Creator (of objective rationality). Is why China and Netherlands have to pay of Malaysia in $1 trillion each, only for moral damages from genocide of species HomoSapiens (by the co-authors will distributes themselves). Who put of thermobaric bomb from Mossad that has hired crew for the genocide.
Vladimir, You have got to stop drinking and smoking the green.
Airliners are the Muslim terrorist target of choice.
At this point would you believe anything that was said by Malaysian officials?
I'm really concerned, there are fewer and fewer stories we can comment on these days. Most are now little 'designer' 'boutique' areas where you can tweet, twitter, or email a story, but not comment. I think yahoo plans to shut down comments, before the 2016 elections, as so many of us are conservative, and express ourselves.
I doubt Yahoo cares enough about your comments to ban them
I agree. used to be fun to read and leave comments. now most articles offer no comments and are broken up with advertising that has nothing to do with the story. yahoo is starting to really suck.
" so many of us are conservative" i.e. "so many of us are neanderthals" Commenting on YaPoo is so fun.
If I told you there was a plane that disappeared, and that the pilots were muslims, and that they turned off the transponder and wouldn't answer radio call, would there be ANY DOUBT in your mind what happened to it?
It would prove that you're a neonazi bigot
R, you like that word bigot, dont you?
I doubt we will ever know exactly what happened. My guess is some rich Chinese guy wanted someone on that plane dead and hired the copilot to put something in the chief pilot's coffee and knock him out. Then the copilot flew the plane as far out into the ocean as he could and put it down. His family got the money.
Israel has been suspiciously silent about this whole tragedy. No condolences, no help searching, no Jews on board. Definitely mossad style of executions, well planned, very little evidence. We know the Jews hate the Chinese and all scientists. Quite possibly a Jew hit gone wrong.
Yes of course, that must be it. LOL
Wow Fred, Ya sure it wasn't one of the countries that China beat at the Olympics when they were caught cheating?...Lol
I'm going to need to see more than a small piece of the plane to believe that it really did crash in the ocean. There's too many things that don't add up still.
One report said it was covered in something like shell material. That doesn't sound right either but we'll see. With gov't and media nowadays, you don't know if they are even telling the truth when they give info to the public.
Perhaps the plane finally crashed near this Reunion island, after running out of fuel. Maybe the plane went down and stayed near the island. Then it would likely have barnacles or oysters/mussels, etc., growing on it. Who knows what shook it loose from it's place on the bottom of the ocean? It is only a possibility... I'm going to wait and see what else washes up on the beach.
The CIA finally got around to planting the evidence? Took them long enough.
Stay crazy. It makes for a good laugh. Thank you.
I think that most people are not interested to this story anymore. Just turn that metal scrap into another useful metal items is fine by me.
They used the plane as a prop and shot it down in Russia after they put the corpses back in it to get rid of the evidence! First responders said the dead were already stinking! This is a cover up for this whole mess!
First responders were not allowed into the crash scene until days after the crash. The area was first sealed by paramilitary forces.
"Even if we find out that this piece of debris belongs to MH370, there is no way to prove that our people were with that plane," said Jiang Hui, 41, whose father was on the flight. Only Chinese communist thugs' citizen is this stupid!
Well, does Jiang Hui think that the pilot pushed each passenger out of the side door of the plane as it was flying along before he dumped it in the ocean? SMH!
So sad. Bird people flying high dying. I think people are being punished cruelty for their wicked ways of political and social economy scams bad manners. If people don’t shape up, more people will die. If people keep trying to create jealousy because they could fly but you can’t, that’s why karma is punishing people. These days, KARMA is working really hard to punish people but people never take that seriously until this tragedy happens. People are behaving very mean selfish postings so karma have to teach them by killing their egos. When people collaborate to kill somebody’s confidence by abruption of her life, karma hurt back the people. Unfortunately, people don’t learn but karma is after people now for their cruelty. Karma is trending. haha
"Chick: Dd you just get back from a grounation? Evryting irie?
Why are still walking on this planet then yourself?
Has anyone ever considered that a hacker might have taken over the aircraft itself? That would explain why they went so far out of the way and there was no conversations between the pilot and ground people.
"... There have been four serious accidents involving 777s in the 20 years since the widebody jet came into service. Only MH370 is thought to have crashed south of the equator." What an odd observation to inject into the article...
It's not odd, you just need to be able to understand context. What they're saying is that, since it is most likely to be from a 777, MH370 is the only incident involving one in the southern hemisphere. Therefore, there is little chance it came from the other three incidents.
"There have been four serious accidents involving 777s in the 20 years since the widebody jet came into service. Only MH370 is thought to have crashed south of the equator." They should ban the use of 777s north of the equator.
well, the gyros work backwards...everybody knows that!!!!
To calm tempers politicians,experts and businessmen would do everything to convince us that it's the wreckage of the missing plane.
Because it's been keeping you up nights?
I thought ISIS had it and they were gonna load it full of nukes and fly it to Disneyland?
More evidence that the pilot(s) may have been involved in Islamic militancy. While Razak the wannabe Islamist reprobate in Malaysia hid the truth.
terrorism is mostly about the fear and "hype". he didn't do a very good job here if he was...(just disappearing)
God help us....they're radicalizing the ocean currents!!!!
There is zero evidence to suggest it was the pilot and that it was about Islam. Go crawl back into your racist basement at your mom's house.
And learn how to spell Fahrenheit.
and he would be helping to burn the books as well...
Finding a partial wing does not bring closure. Finding the black box to know how and why the plane went down is the only way to find closure to this case. Why are Boeing parts being sent to France instead of the Boeing plant in Washington for identification?
For starters, it was found in French territory.
Because the Reunion Island, where this piece was found, is a French Territory
The island the flap was found on is part of France.
Does not need three guys with the same answer.
Hung Le: you are not very hung brain wise, that's for sure. Does not need 3 guys to figure that out!
ok, but if you are trying to identify the part, send it to the manufacturer, where they have the equipment and the experts. It is not like the French are our enemies and there is no cooperation.
Boeing has just confirmed the part as coming from a 777 based on the serial number. The World Wide Web strikes again.
How did the wing miraculously end up hundreds of feet from the shore?
Did you even bother to read the article before commenting?
It was pixies that sprinkled fairy dust.
Wave action. Or maybe a dolphin thought it was another dolphin and gave it a ride.
All they have to do is to show it to a Boeing engineer. Too simple for the French government?
Prayers for the families involved might be a big help.
I prefer to give thought to the grieving families. Prayers have not been proven to be a big help, but please do what you think is right.
Just because you don't get the results you like doesn't mean prayer doesn't work. The answer just doesn't go your way.
Don't like it, don't do it. You and your satan worshiping buddy Obama will pay in the end.
just because you don't get the results you were praying for doesn't mean the applied method doesn't work to get the results usually means only one thing. The applied method doesn't work. No matter how you want to turn this. I was trying to be nice and give you the benefit of the doubt and respect your ways. You turn around and do what Christians do best, belittle others with faulty logic. Thank you for proving again what hateful and bigoted people you really are. Only a fool will do the same thing over and over and hope for different results (thx Albert), keep praying and hope, you fool!
Who are you talking to Bim?
Jack D H I thought Obama was a radical Christian, then he was a Muslim, now it is a satan worshiper!! You nutjobs need to make up your minds! No need to bring politics into this anyway kiddo. Just look at science. Studies have shown that those who have others praying for them, all other factors being equal, do not see ANY improvement in recovery rates. That proves prayer is worthless. Instead of pretending to help people magically, if you really want to do something, I suggest volunteering, donating or something like that. If you are not doing those things, just be honest with yourself that you are not helping.
@Tony....Boom! Couldn't have said it better!
Probably MAS share prices were starting to recover, needed something to drag it down so that the government cronies can buy it for $0.005 a share.
This “just in time” finding of a wing, supposedly belonging to MH370 simply “because no other 777-s have been lost lately” is perfectly synchronized with unprecedented attempt to create an international tribunal over the MH17 crash in Ukraine. Isn’t it because both MH-tragedies are so closely related that without taking the first one out of the equation is not possible to manipulate decisions on the second one?
Talk of fake crashes By the same treasonous illuminati agents who staged the fake Transasia crash and torchedl hundreds at a water park. "Taiwan's KMT picks pro-China Hung for presidential race" or to what lengths the treasonous nazi agents of Taiwan gov go. The coming BIG BANG reality (starts with actor Obama's staged arrest) is the opposite of what traitors and the media suggest with the psy-ops "Charleston church shooting /confederate flag banned" and "gay marriage legalized". The SAME illuminati who just legalized "gay marriage" plan to start to exterminate not only blacks but also homosexuals in malls shortly after the BIG BANG 2015. Start here Taiwan waterpark fire - REAL story: mass human sacrifice of young blood at a Gay Pride event by the same illuminati who legalized gaymarriage. in the US, was not as effective as planned. parallel-and-reversed.blogºspot. --- /2015/06/
Was there any sign of Gilligan, Ginger, or the Howells?
Hope you don't make your living as a comedian
JimM, unfortunately no, but I hear they did find the globetrotters
Alan- Go buy yourself a sense of humor...
No....but the Professor organized all of this very scientifically.
Matthew L would you have that sense of humor if it was your relatives who vanished without a trace in a tragedy. Maybe you'll find out one day.
This will show it was an alien abduction.
Shot down over US Diego Garcia base. International Tribunal is needed to investigate.
Oh and just what is a plane on its way to china doing down there
Genrih, It was not shot down, it landed.
Yeah it landed there and no one noticed......or they all kept silent. Sure, that's it.....
If the sharks got a taste of human blood out of that crash, then Australian beach goers better use caution. The old great white may have changed his menu.
Inboard flap from a wide bodied jet washes ashore in the same vicinity of a missing airliner. Reichwing racist did not want to admit that cops were shooting unarmed black males in the back either until slager showed up in SC killing Walter Scott
"unarmed black males" LOL The press make it seem as if they are angels, obeying all commands and just going about their daily business!
bob's burgers no one wants to admit this is a flap from the missing airliner either give it a rest. Furthermore more cops got away with what slager did than were arrested for murder
departure: Please learn to cobble a simple proper sentence in English before you resume posting. Trying to read your commentary is painful. Thanks.
terrence thanks for acknowledging my incomprehensible narrative, your welcome lol
Does anyone else think this is a totally fake story invented by some government... probably the US.
Why so deeply skeptical? It's very disturbing. There doesn't seem to any reason to all of a sudden "begin the show". To be honest, it always seems to be women doing this. At least white 20th century americans. So sick of it.
" Almost Certain." The Nitwit in the White House was almost certain that the Japanese Diplomats were sincere , when they brought the Olive Branches with them on , Dec. 7th, 1941 .
And the current 'nitwit in the White House' is more than certain that Iran is trustworthy!
Amazing how President Obama has disappeared from Yahoo news.
I will not fly in a plane piloted by a Mohammedite. You'd be a fool to place your life in the hands of someone committed to the slaughter of innocents. How many of these insane pedophile worshipers have have gone jihad on innocent passengers. Not me, brother.
I guess you've forgotten the white Christian pilots that have been forcibly removed from their planes for having psychotic breakdowns. Not to mention the German pilot that crashed his plane. Good luck on the bus...
I'd trust an Arab over a white Christian pilot...Most Arabic pilots are loaded and are so loaded, have no interest in ending their life of luxury. As opposed to pilots of budget airlines....
How would you know the religion of the pilot??
When is the next bus to Hawaii?
Yup. The crash right after 9/11. The Turkish flight. Probably others too. I'll pass.
@Boot, two of your comments are ridiculous: First... "You'd be a fool to place your life in the hands of someone committed to the slaughter of innocents." I'd say Christians (of which I am one) have killed more innocent individuals than any other religion. Second...you associate Muslims with pedophilia. In fact, nearly 70% of those serving time for violent crimes against children were Caucasian. (US Prison System).
A WORLD COMPLETELY A-HOLED AMERICA-UK -EU = SLAVE COLONIES END GAME You're not supposed to question anything in an Orwellian type dictatorship -you're supposed to blindly believe everything that the fbi, the state dept and the president tell you and nothing else, ..you're supposed to be too dam dumb to figure it all out. The problem is not money –it is that the creation and supply of it is in the hands of the most evil and dangerous criminals and psychopaths on the planet, Anglo-Zionists -who rely on their “ROYAL CHARTERS” dupe –hence the necessity of “Kings and Queens” Step into Reality Divide and rule -install ponzi scheme magic Fiat money dollar bank -privatize all –call it democracy -murder objectors -drone civilians to antagonize so they fight back -make them terrorists –murder them too = Anglo-U.S-French Zionist-Arab Fiat currency alliance jurisdiction area / business model. Youtube: The Rothschilds 500 Trillion Dollars (they took over Europe +England’s Bank of England before heading to America) For over a century the LONDON-WASHINGTON/ Anglo-Zionist Fiat money con-mens foreign policy goal has been world dominance -NOW WAKE THE F-UP FOLKS RESEARCH VIETNAM WAR WHITE HOUSE BLACK OP - FALSE FLAG "The Gulf of Tonkin Incident" FACTS Started by False Flag phoney money-powers cunning stunts. =2 - 4 Million innocents murdered -still dying +millions of birth defects caused by more than 19 million gallons of sprayed herbicide combinations and agent orange. 58,000 Americans sent to their deaths ..effectively murdered by the phonies. evidence; Wiki snip; [ The Gulf of Tonkin incident (or the USS Maddox incident) is the name given to two separate confrontations involving North Vietnam and the United States in the waters of the Gulf of Tonkin. Shortly before his assassination in November 1963, Kennedy had begun a limited recall of US forces... A highly classified program of covert actions against North Vietnam known as Operation Plan 34-Alpha, in conjunction with the DESOTO operations, had begun under the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 1961. In 1964 the program was transferred to the US Defense Department and conducted by the Military Assistance Command, Vietnam Studies and Observations Group. For the maritime portion of the covert operation, Tjeld-class fast patrol boats had been purchased quietly from Norway and sent to South Vietnam. Although the crews of the boats were South Vietnamese naval personnel, approval for each mission conducted under the plan came directly from Admiral U.S. Grant Sharp, Jr., CINCPAC in Honolulu, who received his orders from the White House. Faked attack on USS Maddox The second Tonkin Gulf incident was originally claimed by the U.S. National Security Agency to have occurred on August 4, 1964, as another sea battle ..an attack on the USS Maddox.. In the 2003 documentary The Fog of War, the former Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara admitted that the Aug 4 attack never happened ] RESEARCH CIA OPERATION AJAX / BRITISH OPERATION "BOOT" 1953 The Anglo-Persian Oil Company (APOC) was an English company founded in 1908 following the discovery of a large oil field in Masjed Soleiman, Iran. It was the first company to extract petroleum from Iran. In 1935 APOC was renamed the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company (AIOC) and in 1954 it became the British Petroleum Company (BP) Iran's oil had been controlled by BP -but in 1951, Iran's oil industry was nationalized with near-unanimous support of Iran's parliament. BP's-loss of ££$$billions£$£$£$£$....major tantrums -all that liquid gold...GONE.. =ORIGIN OF THE WAR ON IRAN Wiki snip; [..-The 1953 Iranian coup d'état (known in Iran as the 28 Mordad coup) was the overthrow of the democratically elected government of Iran and its head of government Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh on 19 August 1953, orchestrated by the United Kingdom (under the name 'Operation Boot') and the United States (under the name TPAJAX Project). The coup saw the transition of Mohammad-Rezā Shāh Pahlavi from a constitutional monarch to an authoritarian one, who relied heavily on United States support to hold on to power until his own overthrow in February 1979. In 1951, Iran's oil industry was nationalized with near-unanimous support of Iran's parliament in a bill introduced by Mossadegh who led the nationalist parliamentarian faction. Iran's oil had been controlled by the British-owned Anglo-Iranian Oil Company (AIOC), now known as BP....] FACT -BP are the main fuel/oil suppliers to the US Military Forces / Military Industrial Complex FACT -The US Military uses as much fuel every day as an average sized European Country FACT -Each Military plane costs The People an average of $90,000 for every hour it flies –including costs FACT -$247 Million is currently spent worldwide every 90 minutes (source BBC documentary) FACT -The US Military are a number of CORPORATE businesses worth $1.3 Trillion a year. FACT -WASHINGTON -D.C. [CORPORATION OF AMERICA] operate over 850 military bases around the planet. FACT -The DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA is a ten square mile "parcel of land" annexed from America under the ACT OF 1871 (kept secret from Americans) FACT -NATOS' 65th Birthday; 4/4/1949 -started with 12 nations FACT -NATOs budget now exceeds $1.02 Trillion FACT -Reagan extended the hand of friendship with Russia in 1987 amid massive publicity with Gorbachev -deals were signed and thousands of ICBMs were destroyed and there was to be no further expansion of NATO. FACT -America went back on its word and expanded NATO eastwards. There is no meaningful threat from Russia, it has become a good nation. Putin is right and a good man. NATO is an extension army of the phoney money powers fiat empire and control area -jurisdiction. ~~~~ The bogies goal is Full Spectrum Dominance and totalitarianism disguised as democracy / Interventionism using their Fiat money ponzi scheme as a growing structure and framework to achieve their goal, while duping us with clever lying. If the pig-siht can't get what they want by deceitful means, they jinn up a war. Each time we have a new generation of people, they get sent to fight another of the phonies proxy wars. It takes 20 years to polarize or brainwash an entire generation =another turn of the screw = five turns since their unconstitutional Federal Reserve Act 1913. The phonies are expert at the black arts of feeding us certain narratives to dupe and brainwash us -psychological warfare etc. They have been using this evil trickery for the longest time coupled with divide, conquer and rule policies. Americans are being used as pawns and cannon fodder to expand the phonies private banking empire and jurisdiction area in Europe and Africa +around the globe. "Military men are “dumb, stupid animals to be used” as pawns for foreign policy." -Henry Kissinger, The quote is found in “Final Days,” a book by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. He has never denied these quotes. Here's some other nice ditties from Uncle Henry: - 'Control oil and you control nations; control food and you control people.' -'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer.' -'Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac.' -'I can think of no faster way to unite the American people behind George W. Bush than a terrorist attack on an American target overseas. And I believe George W. Bush will quickly unite the American people through his foreign policy.' -'Today Americans would be outraged if U.N. troops entered Los Angeles to restore order; tomorrow they will be grateful! This is especially true if they were told there was an outside threat from beyond whether real or promulgated, that threatened our very existence. It is then that all peoples of the world will pledge with world leaders to deliver them from this evil. The one thing every man fears is the unknown. When presented with this scenario, individual rights will be willingly relinquished for the guarantee of their well being granted to them by their world government.' ] ~~~~~~~~~~~~ youtube The Rothschilds 500 TRILLION DOLLARS ~~~~~~~~~~~~ For the last 20+ years it has been easy to spot where war involving USA / UK will break out, just look for the remaining nations without a phonies central bank. ] In the year of 2000 there were seven countries without a Rothschild owned /controlled Central Bank: Afghanistan Iraq Sudan Libya Cuba North Korea Iran As of today a small handful of countries remain without a central bank: Examples; Cuba North Korea Iran Spot the ball in more than 1.5-sec and win a prize. -“There are two ways to conquer and enslave a country. One is by the sword. The other is by debt” --John Adams Check out -- One people Public Trust 1776 -- ..before it is too late. ========== The Money Masters documentary (1996) is the most comprehensive documentary on the subject ever snipped ] Introduction to .. THE MONEY MASTERS [ Segments: The Problem; The Money Changers; Roman Empire; The Goldsmiths of Medieval England; Tally Sticks; The Bank of England; The Rise of the Rothschilds; The American Revolution; The Bank of North America; The Constitutional Convention; First Bank of the U.S.; Napoleon’s Rise to Power; Death of the First Bank of the U.S. War of 1812; Waterloo; Second Bank of the U.S.; Andrew Jackson; Abe Lincoln and the Civil War; The Return of the Gold Standard; Free Silver; J.P. Morgan / 1907 Crash; Jekyll Island; Fed Act of 1913; J.P. Morgan / WWI; Roaring 20s Great Depression; FDR WWII Fort Knox; World Central Bank; Conclusions. ] [ The Money Masters is a 3 1/2 hour non-fiction, historical documentary that traces the origins of the political power structure. The modern political power structure has its roots in the hidden manipulation and accumulation of gold and other forms of money. The development of fractional reserve banking practices in the 17th century brought to a cunning sophistication the secret techniques initially used by goldsmiths fraudulently to accumulate wealth. With the format
Malaysian MH370 was hijacked by Chinese passengers who did not want to go back to commie China.
Then why did they board the plane in the first place?
Fertile grounds for continued obfuscation. Was it shot down over Diego Garcia US air base? "Finding the wreckage would involve reverse engineering the ocean currents over 18 months, Feith said. "It's going to take a lot of math and science to figure that out," he said.
Sure - missiles are fired every day over DG and no on has ever noticed even a single one.
Interesting how the 777 plane debris shows up 90 degrees from where the experts were looking and the experts were looking in not only the wrong place but there timing was also one year out of whack for the search area. I guess as long as somebody was paying the tab, the searchers never where interested in finding anything until the money ran out. .
Japanese tsunami debris washed up in California. So there was no tsunami in Japan? It happened in California? You should be an investigator.
Malaysia knows its a 777 wing part, aren't they the same clowns that didn't know for a week their plane was missing.
welcome to the third world. Lot's of ferry disasters too.
Ed and Madrad: the absurdity of your comments surely make you look like clowns!
If a lot of science and math are needed to solve a certain problem, americans will not be involved in the process! Ask them about movie star butts or soft footballs or people with black skin and they are all for THAT conversation. But math and science are foreign to most americans.
I still think the U.S. gov't took control of the plane and landed it at Diego Garcia because 20couple Chinese "immigrants" who worked at a top secret electronic warfare contractor in Austin, TX were on that plane headed to Beijing. I don't put ANYTHING past our U.S. gov't.
Red flags will be raised when one Chinese 'immigrant' published researched materials with some Universities in China.
It's the most plausible theory yet! I like the way you think!
What is your source for " Chinese "immigrants" who worked at a top secret electronic warfare contractor in Austin, TX?
Freescale Semiconductor, Austin TX. ABC News.
Please keep up the good work. I own a lot of stock in aluminum foil companies.
You should be dumping your stocks and buying gold, Jdn678.
Bannon needs that aluminum, it helps him "clear his head" at the mental health facility he currently resides at. Po po Banny.
And not one of the thousands of people on a 6 square mile island saw it or heard it land, correct? Care to explain that?
I have plenty of gold coins, thanks. USA #1A aka LOSE-Aaahhh #4F would be interested in some golden showers, however, since his boyfriend Rod O. Gawd left him for that talented performer Mindy Kaling.
Well duh, how many Boeing 777 are missing?
How many times do you need to hear the answer to your question ???
Just the one whose flap they just found
Maybe found... Mayhaps not. After 1 1/2 years if ineptness all of a sudden a civilian finds something. Should have given the civilian first crack at finding it. It would have come to this same point. Musta been a huge bomb or tampered black boxes to have gone this long........
So, MH370 did crash. Condolences ........ to all the victims and their families.
"Indian Ocean debris almost certainly from Boeing 777" ALMOST???? Have any other 777's disappeared in the Indian Ocean? Sometimes You have to wonder why the authors sometime take the obvious and make it into a mystery.
Enki -- how many Boeing 777's have been "decommissioned"? This could still be a part from a decommissioned 777 "planted" by someone, for whatever reason. I'm picking that that is why the word ALMOST has been used. (And we wont know until a serial number has been discovered on the part & verified as belonging to MH370).
1) The 777 is a relatively new plane. 2) Parts are not distributed randomly about the planet if even if there were decommissioned planes out there. 3) How many 777's have crashed in the Indian Ocean? 4) The part number on the part is that of a 777. 5) If there is another plane out there flying around with this part missing then I'm positive they would have put out a mayday by now. I feel more than 99.99999% sure it's flight MH370. Let's call it deductive reasoning Shhhh.
Enki -- 1) the 777 entered commercial service in 1995 (20 years ago) 2) parts are distributed around the planet - decommissioned planes are worldwide 3) how many decommissioned 777's ended up in the Indian Ocean? 4) there isn't a part number on the flaperon, it is a "service number" 5) decommissioned planes don't fly . Unlike you, I'll wait for the proof.
The sevice number is that of a 777. Boeing has already stated so. Decoms are not distributed throughout the worlds oceans. Besides there was a damaged suitcase traveling with the wing part. Another factoid is oceanographers have said how long it would take the debri from the plane to travel around the Indian Ocean's gyre and this piece fits their scenario.( And let's not forget the tattered suitcase found nearby) You keep playing the Doubting Thomas and wondering, I'll stick to my 99.99999% positive deductive reasoning..
Enki -- 1) It has not yet been established by anyone, whether or NOT the flaperon is from a 777. Again, 777's have been in commercial service for 20 years, with many being decommissioned over that time, becoming scrap or parts. 2) Do you actually know where all the decommissioned 777's are? There have already been reports (ABC Radio) that it can not be ruled out that parts from Indian 777's may have ended up in the Indian Ocean. 3) Computer models are all the same - GIGO (Garbage In Garbage Out). It is easy to make a model fit a theory. 4) The suitcase. Hmmm - and the Indian Ocean isn't full of junk? Wow! Is there proof that both flaperon & suitcase washed up at the same time? Or that both came from the same original location? Or are you "speculating"? Again - I will wait for the PROOF (and even IF a serial number is found that matches MH370, it does not PROVE the plane crashed. It just proves the part ended up in the Indian Ocean - possibly after it landed on an Island in the Indian Ocean, passengers disembarked & executed & the plane was then destroyed with the parts being dumped into the Ocean. Can you rule that out completely? No!)
I know this. They don't decommissioned planes and then dump them in the Indian Ocean. I also know this. You have an issue with applying logic and common sense.
Enki -- Do you have a problem reading? I said in point 2); "There have already been reports (ABC Radio) that it can not be ruled out that parts from Indian 777's may have ended up in the Indian Ocean." -- "Parts" - not the whole decommissioned plane. Sheesh, some people. As for applying logic and common sense, can you or can you not rule out foul play? If you can not, it is you who are failing to employ logic and common sense. End of discussion.
In the words of Frank Zappa: "Who you jivin' with that cosmic debris?"
How many 777's are in that ocean?
I wish they'd take the word "closure" out of the English language. It's such a meaningless term.
Nah, not really, TKMH. You jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge? That would be closure.
I can just hear the conspiracy nuts now claiming that "somebody" put the piece near the shore of La Reunion to hide the "true" story, that the plane and its occupants were kidnapped.
What the he'll else could it be Emilia Earhart
Everybody feels bad for the family's...blah blah. The truth is out there . Planes don't disappear
"Of course will take some time to identify part"? Ring Ring Yea Boeing we have a triple 7 flaperon here with #------ stamped on it can you tell us what ship that was fitted on and what was the disposition of that aircraft? Yes I'll wait...( Imagine elevator music) Oh that was fast thank you! Probably took more time to type this!
It's debris from Oceanic flight 815!
they covered this more than 9/11
What other aircraft type(s) is that wing compatible with ???
None. The part (material, shape, construction?) is uniquely 777 according to Boeing.
Clearly planted evidence. Aliens from Diego Garcia did it to throw internet sleuths off the chemtrail story......
Anyone who knows Greg Feith or has seen him on TV knows that he is extremely smart and dependable . If his sources say the piece is from a triple 7 , then it is - - - and MH370 is the only one to have crashed in an ocean . All of the Diego Garcia and Turkmenistan conspiracy nut jobs need to shut up . The families can finally come to terms with the fate of their loved ones .
don juan, we had some problems...we had some problems with the shipment don juan. we'll get em next time...
don juan de marco, bambino, how hard is it to remove a small part like a 'flaperon' and find it on a remote island beach ? Heck, I an surprised it did not turn up in the Potomac.
Seems like scrappers hijacked the plane,took it apart and and our throwing out undesirable parts
Perhaps the same way that polished passport of Atta landed unscathed at Ground Zero.
One call to Boeing, and the riddle is solved. They're milking it.....
So . . . The only missing 777 in the WORLD is MH370. From whence came that piece of wreckage do you suppose?
OK guys,, lets face it. If it is not from 370 the what plane is it from? DUH! Its not like 777's crash on a weekly basis there.
Yeah.... The Chinese want to file in the U.S. Because They want $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ , China sure he'll won't give them 5#IT!
It looks like excessive barnacles brought down the plane
They will never know exactly what happened until the black boxes are recovered but this is a start - maybe they can do some serious drift analysis on where this piece came from
I guess we can rule out the "Black hole' and "alien abduction" theories discussed on CNN now!
Acutally, Dave, we can rule out CNN!
Never trust an asian with any kind of vehicle.
How dumb can people be? What the h do they think happened to family members? Do they think they have been floating around alive in the ocean for a year? What sort of closure do they need? Plane crashed.....smack into the water.....people dead. Case closed.
Had Ted Stryker been at the controls none of this would have happened. Of course Rex Kramer has a different opinion. Over..
Surely there must be a better option! And don't call me Shirley!
Why such a flap over this?
Is that supposed to be a funny pun?
Let's flush another $100 billion dollars down the drain investigating this mess
They're sending the piece of a Boeing to Toulouse.
Well, you cant miss a big bit of plane wing on the beach. Now here is a question, they found water and cleaner bottles, because they are now LOOKING, how much waste from the plane has been picked up by the beach cleaning crew that they did not look at months ago??
Damn and I thought Aliens were to blame
That "Kiang Hui" is a bit of a one l think. Where do they breed these idiots.
I bet they served nuts in first class in a bag instead of a bowl and someone was outraged and disaster struck
I think I'll wait for the actual investigation and not the Malaysian "chief investigator" who is a thousand miles away.
The bottom line is that many lives were lost. And families ask where, when, how, why? It is step to closure. It is step to accept the passing of so many lives. It takes time. No reply requested.
What he has been fearing????? The WORLD waits on Him!
Looks like I may lose my Stargate bet...
i am telling you aliens i am being serious
More money will be spent to say, "yep, it crashed!"
Good you found it or some of it.
How amazing after all this time, my heart aches for all the people lost and their families
Where are all the idiots that truly believed the plane was being "repurposed" with a bomb? This country is so dumb and gullible it is scary.
Watch the movie "Idiocracy". That's the US now.
It is a big find and if it is ID'd as from MH370 then the search for the main body begins. The bigger mystery is of course how did it happen. Do you see a human element? I do.
The ocean is giving up some of her secrets.
Every body is an expert. CNN is full of them. I have flown on many of a 777 can I be an expert?
"almost certainly"? In other words it is whatever they want it to be.
when it comes to the Indian Ocean..... here a boeing there a boeing everywhere a boeing and shouldn't the name be changed to native American ocean
they dont want answers, they want money. come to the US and take it home.
The pain will not be going away yet..!
Can this type of plane be hacked?
Deb -- yes. Google "CONFIRMED: Flight 370 Cyberjacked to secret base in Indian ocean – American or Chinese?"
Nope. It wasn't made by Chrysler.
USN Vet -- actually you are wrong. The computer chip installed in the flight system can be hacked. Google ""CONFIRMED: Flight 370 Cyberjacked to secret base in Indian ocean – American or Chinese?" ... and read the attached posts.
Was anyone on this when it crashed.......
Oh My! Conspiracy! How about this....Did someone move the part and plant it on the beach from somewhere else. Why not just wait till they figure it out before coming up with more fluff?
So Jason, how do you suppose the passengers were removed from the aircraft BEFORE it crashed?
I doubt it, people don't normally ride on the wing flaps.
.... The truth is out there. never give up.
search the island for survivors some may have clung to the wing and made it to the island !
How do we know that it washed up on shore?
Well it did have barnacles on it which tends to lend credence that it has been in the water.
I hope this plane does not turn out to be shot down.
it is a cover up of some kind......no way the whole world completely loses track of a Jetliner
Look at the foto...are those shrapnel holes?
OdessaFile person, this plane was not shot down.
A passenger tweeted a photo from his iphone a few days after the crash. GPS coordinates from the phone's position placed it at Diego Garcia.
So if this passenger was on Diego Garcia, where is he now?
You are freaking nuts. Get back on your meds.
The duck theory....If it quacks like a duck and waddles like a duck, it's most likely MH370. Spokesman says it needs to be investigated and these things take a lot of time. Guess so. Billable hours take priority over just getting the thing done. Sad!!
HMMMMM...Pretty close to Diego Garcia..... Just saying.....
It's a 'mystery' and must remain so? Evan X got no less than 4 thumbs down[!] while hardly any comments were made... Seems the 'Debunking & Trolling Dept.' working for the Carlyle Group, the happy new owner of 100% of FreeScale Semi Con-ductor Patents-In-Question, and perhaps a gaggle of other 'interested agencies' are on the case like white on rice?
And then there was the comment back when this story broke; about a plane loaded with classified equipment, Chinese technicians, CIA and Masada. According to the comment, the final resting place was Diego Garcia, an island with a large enough runway. That comment was the only one that made any sense at the time, and a year later, there has been nothing to refute it.
Lafalot.. And don't forget the important load on the plane... An Islamic terrorist cell...
Lafalot, you probably meant the Mossad, as Masada is a historic site of Jews holding out under a Roman siege, etc. Anyway, four of the Chinese engineers of 20+ aboard MH370 were said to each hold 20% of certain patent rights in question [i.e. 'of interest'], that reverted to the Carlyle Group, as soon as they must have known the four were dead, since they filed for them on 03/11... We don't hear about this from our MS'Meds', haha.
The couple thousand military and government contractors on Diego Garcia most certainly dispute it. Or maybe you think they "snuck" it in, like gliding in at night and absolutely no one noticed it? Ridiculous.
What I meant is the pilot or someone on the plane was going to crash it on Diego Garcia, and it was shot down.
Oh my gosh. I hope it is but where is the rest of the plane parts,luggage or anything else? So suspicious.....
As is the case with all the "reports" on this event so far, everything we read is Wild-Ash-Guesses -- until we get some folks on the scene with sufficient expertise to positively identify the part.
hell to pay? most of the passengers are chinese from mainland china. this was a terrorist hijacking incident, thats a fact!
plane was shut down thats why it has been imposib;e to find it. Somebody is scare at the finding . we will see what comes up. . and if the truth comes up , it will be never known
The only thing this clarify is that the plane wasnt abducted by Aliens, the rest of the mistery persist.
No Machiavello ,,it was reported that PUTIN abducted that plane
Sounds like the Malaysian "authorities" have just made another statement they'll regret later. There's absolutely nothing "certain" about the disappearance of MH370, you know.
I was part of a crew that went searching for a plane that had been missing 3 weeks. One of the guys on the search crew kept looking up. When I asked him what he was he replied______...
I hope they find the rest of the plane soon. These families need to be able to have closure. There are those that are going to hold out hope until the plane is found, and who can blame them?
I go back to what I said in the first place - The pilot killed all the people in the cabin and the co-pilot by turning the O2 off, set his course and flew it to his pre-planned pick-up point close to a remote Island, then set the plane down easy in the water to meet his pick-up. Very clean - no body to talk. Still the question remains as to the WHY? And, WHERE is he?
David, are you writing a Movie Script?
THIS IS NOT THE PLANE THEY THINK, TS A SCAM TO GIVE PEACE OF MIND TO THOSE PEOPLE THAT WAS BLOWN FROM THE SKY
Me too, i hope they find that Plane....So Tragic.
someone may have placed it there...? anyone think of that?
Only brainless conspiracy theory losers who live in mommy's basement think of that
We don't have basements in florida, and I'm glad i'm not one of those.....whew..thanks for clearing that up...
In other news, a US Navy ship was seen throwing shiny pieces of metal into the Indian Ocean....
I just pooped out a burger that I ate on sunday.
You need more fiber in your diet.
"Well , we got one part of it..Now to find the other 3000.
I'm thinking hoax-just happens to wash up?
almost sure its from the plane? oh you mean like almost sure brady deflated the ball?
Many air carriers are considering installation of advanced anti-high jacking systems - NO MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO BOARD
Putin shot MH370 down and he's got you all thinking it just crashed or UFOs stole it. He's laughing cause he shot it down and got away with it. That's why he tried it again in Ukraine but got caught that time.
BEWARE! Planes flown by #$%$ are very likely to end up in disasters. Remember 9/11 all those planes were flown by #$%$. Never forget that. We still owe them and our day will come. Yahoo needs to print this because it is TRUE!
MAYBE ITS A PIECE OF FLIGHT 77?
Let me guess....now they will find other parts of the plane, but no bodies. God bless the victims and their families.
ANYONE who has ever flown on an airplane knows this is NOT part of an airplane.
Hmmm, just because you fly on an airplane, you're an aviation engineer. You're probably right I'm sure you recognized the part as a fender off of a '32 Packard.
I feel for the peasants now days.
The wreckage is part of a Boeing777 , MH 370 was shot down when a pilot,an hijacker tried to crash the airliner on the mighty US base of Diego Garcia in the Indian ocean .
I fully support the US military if they shot these #$%$ out of the sky before they could attack Diego Garcia.
i hear you say on the news someone in cockpit might have altered course, well what in hell is the big deal dont you know who flies your planes duhhhhh how dumb dumb are ya..peace
A fascinating development....the first break in the mystery....the plane headed to the maldives or comoros or africa!?!?
Oh and Boeing regularly sets Flaperons adrift from Seattle to see how far they drift much like a note in a bottle- I bet thats what explains this !
No one gets sarcasm in print.....
Malaysia is a Muslim country ,they love terrorism.
Sooooo !!,------after Commie-china hijacked the plane (making use of the American computer-scientists on board)--they have now no more use for the plane and have thrown some of the wreckage into the Indian Ocean-----to be "found" conveniently. Are the 20 American scientists currently being tortured in Commie-china? They were among the elite leaders of computer designers and developers. Heaven help them! More REAL news on the hijacking can be found on U-TUBE. (NEVER on the corrupt mainstream media!).
The terrorists will have trouble flying their stolen plane without that flaperon.
This is just a ruse. That wing is NOT from the lost flight. All of a sudden, the wing is found? I see a misdirection coming.
the boeing compony has the best record for safty in the aviation bisi and they also got cool swag if you are a suplier or in the umbrella so . mite be they got to deal with lots of teridicktis single eyes thease days ralph at the lab says
step away from the bottle ralphy
Which one? The alcohol, or the Oxycodone.?
Alphabet confetti. Doesn't even qualify as word confetti. Never try to post while inhaling Cabin Still and Old Thompson at the same time.
ralph, person, speak English. 'bisi' 'got' 'swag' 'mite' 'teridicktis' 'thease' ... go back to third grade and pay attention this time.
Give Ralph a break. He probably had too much Lifeboy soap before shooting his eye out.
This is the first hard evidence of the plane crashed into the sea. More debris are needed for forensic investigators to piece together how it crashed, and the black boxes to find out why
MH 370 went missing with 20 employees of Freescale Semiconductor (owned by Blackstone Group**, minority owner Carlyle Group) on board. 18 or 19 of whom were engineering and technical people, specifically chip fabrication engineers - chips designed to remotely pilot & hijack aircraft.
Sorry, this is the reality room. Kooktard conspiracy theories are 3 doors down the hall.
First, the recurring pattern: shortly prior to 9/11/01, a test took place at Holloman AFB in New Mexico, a Boeing 727 was remotely piloted, from takeoff to flight to landing, no less than six times. (Civil-Military Interoperability For GPS Assisted Aircraft Landings Demonstrated) Sadly, you can't speak with the people involved in that test, as they perished on the morning of 9/11/01, as passengers aboard several of the four airliners hijacked that day. 20 employees of Freescale Semiconductors who were also working on the same technology were on MH370. Coincidence or conspiracy? Do the math to work out the odds! As you were saying -- conspiracy theories are 3 doors down the hall.
Kooktard conspiracy. Keep that tinfoil hat nice and tight. Gotta keep out those mind control rays.
The Mystery of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH 370 - - - what mystery??? Google "CONFIRMED: Flight 370 Cyberjacked to secret base in Indian ocean – American or Chinese?" & read the posts.
LOL, "CONFIRMED". Confirmed by who? Other kooktards?
Read the article -- check out the references and links. You might just be surprised as to the sources that CONFIRM the report.
LOL. All I see are kooktard conspiracy sites showing this "confirmed" baloney story. OsNetDaily? Agenda21Radio? Please.
Tom -- read the posts, sgtdoom • 4 months ago "The Mystery of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH 370 - - - what mystery???" Links to Wall Street Journal, Space Daily (Civil-Military Interoperability For GPS Assisted Aircraft Landings Demonstrated), History Commons (Context of 'August 2001: Large Passenger Jet Flown and Landed by Remote Control'), Federal Register (Special Conditions: Boeing Model 777-200, -300, and -300ER Series Airplanes; Aircraft Electronic System Security Protection From Unauthorized Internal Access) etc.
Interesting - considering the pilot of MH370, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, practiced landing on Diego Garcia (US spy & military installation) on his at home 'flight simulator' the night before the planes disappearance. Google "CONFIRMED: Flight 370 Cyberjacked to secret base in Indian ocean – American or Chinese?"
Thoughts and Prayers to the families!!!!