This is the world we all live, I believe when anything like that get lost will be found no matter mileage of years it may take, and that will be only possible when collaboration among states prevails. We are able to move far into space to search for life, can we fail to identify a lost sophisticated jetliner B777 now? That's impossible to an active human mind, one party might be uncooperative in one way or another. The joint efforts are highly needed now, keeping away differences among states and search for this thing will be viable.
I would think including France would be a good idea. The research results on the barnacles found on the flapperon will at least point which part of the Indian Ocean the barnacle species are found. Just my one cent.
I still think it's just a matter of time before they start circling the wagons and pinpointing this huge aircraft, if nothing else put a Submarine down there with sonar equipment, Still think these People on this MH 777 aircraft were overcome by toxic fumes a couple hours before even hitting the Indian Ocean, or One Person would have climbed out of that plane, They claim it didn't break up after touching the water with little damage to the Flaperon,
"...matter of time..." There is a very good chance that it will never be found. The jet wasn't following the planned line of flight and they don't even have any kind of solid information as to a specific area to search in. The possible area that the jet could of went down in measures in the MILLIONS of square miles. "...put a submarine down there" Tasking a military submarine for any length of time would cost many millions more on top of what is already being spent on the search right now, what country is going to pay that? The average depth of the Indian Ocean is over 12,000 ft., whether using a sub's sonar or the towed array sonar that the search ships are using now, is difficult at best at those depths. "...overcome by toxic fumes..." There are many different possibilities, to even speculate with almost no information is asinine. "...They claim it didn't break up..." None of people making that statement were expert air crash investigators, take note that NTSB (the preeminent authority on the subject) weren't the people saying that. There is a good chance that it didn't break up, but until there is conclusive proof, then it is still not known.
Whoever claims it didn't break up lives in la la land.
could be a repeat of South African Airways Flight 295 (Helderberg tragedy), hope the cause can be determined unlike the south african one.
A matter of time could be 100 years from now !
Plane was shot down, then they used the search area off Australia to get attention there while the military cleaned up the ocean where it was shot down and missed the flaperon. Well thats another theory, but probably will never know the truth.
Thumb this up to prevent NSA psy-ops to hide tje TRUTH as they did to the oldest comment Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing. The page, published hours after hours after the wing "discovery", also explained what the "inspection" will reveal. Both reduced to ONE line: Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 --- end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing. The page, published hours after hours after the wing "discovery", also explained what the "inspection" will reveal. Both reduced to ONE line: Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 --- end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
RIP for all the victims of MH370. it is welcome to see Malaysia, China, Australia to 'refine' search efforts for MH370, so the truth to what happen to all the life that vanished with the Boeing 777 NH370 flight will be one day be known to the world..
i don't think we will ever know what really happened
of course we will know when the time is right, to start with we could interact with the dead through mediums .
Just ask Chinese hackers for everything !
Don't worry, this is the world we all live in, anything lost in will be found no matter or whenever it takes.
even free tickets - not flying
I'm a little worried about china joining the search here...they'll be looking for islands to claim instead.
just 1 small part and the pink-lips PM 'conclusively confirmed' the flaperon is from the doomed flight .. he is trying his best to behave as though he is not in any kind trouble ...
Keeping dropping a tracking buoy away from Reunion, until the current is found that causes the tracking buoy to take 2 months to reach Reunion.....that will be the area of the downed MH370....it will not be any where on the so called 7th arc.
what happened to the satellite's or how about draining the ocean using digital 3d mapping as they claimed in the titanic search