So tired of people with the transponders switching off and planes vanishing from radar misconception. If stealth was that easy military's could have saved the billions they spent on stealth technologies. The other ideas she's mentioned are noble but too far over the top. Having flight data and location constantly broadcast to the ground and recorded is akin to making every home wheelchair accessible. Over 90% will never need it but the money will be spent on it and the wheelchair ramp will be a constant reminder of that. I can't wait for this story to end, I'm so sick of the lies and closed mouth people leading to wild unfounded theories and misinformation in the media and beyond.
In this situation, it appears the pilots did not switch to their own air circulation, inside the airplane after climbing 35,000 feet which the air becomes very thin. It happens to one of the airplane but I can't remember which one. If not switch over, the passengers and the pilots will fall asleep very fast due to lack of oxygen. They become zombie and so the plane travel path may have knocked into self pilot. Since there was no cell or phone calls either from the pilots and the passengers during 7 hours, that is a long time and this would explains that they fell asleep due to lack of oxygen.
Clearly it's time to get the black boxes out of aircraft to transmit that data to satellites relayed to ground based locations. Complete with GPS location information plus all of the flying parameters all commercial planes could be continuously monitored for location, problems etc. This system would be automatic and not in control of anybody on board the aircraft plus it would have backup battery power. This is a perfect task for the NSA who is already recording all kinds of useless data from everybody. Maybe they could put their vast network and storage capacity to good use for humanity!
The NSA is a criminal organization only interested in supporting the government --- they do not care about the people or their silly rights
@Tom M, The NSA is part of the US government and the government is Us. If we want to change their mission and make them more useful to society, it is incumbent on us to support and vote for politicians who also want these changes. The present NSA is a child of the Patriot Act, IMO an unconstitutional breach of power and responsibility that grew out of 9/11 and the fear it generated, but we get the government we vote.
Bob, it has been a long time since the Government was "us", as evidenced by the very thing you reference: The USA Patriot Act. Our only chance to save this once-great nation is to STOP electing ANY incumbent. I doubt that will happen because the sheople turn every election into a popularity contest.
WELL , SOME OF THE 8 HAVE PROMISE, but # 1 should be to remove the switch that lets some one turn OFF the transponder ( though this would have been a NO BRAINER after 9/11), then # 2 ; pilot error is # 1 , because you can't imprison and sue dead people ( as air line companies love making MONEY , NOT PAYING OTHERS ), # 3 ; the NTSB, has only been an independent agency since the twa 800 accident in 1996, because the role before that was to " PROMOTE THE AIR CRAFT INDUSTRY " and provide safety for the passengers( the first being the priority most of the time ); # 5; BLACK BOXES are still needed on flights( most are on every auto since 1999, but few know about it ), just saying
I totally agree with your first point. Why have a switch that can turn off the transponder?
Few reasons. 1. To reset it if it's malfunctioning. 2. If there is an electrical short, to prevent the risk of fire. 3. To turn off transponders on the ground at airports to not overwhelm air traffic controllers with so many signals in one location.
In this day and age, why have a "blackbox" on the plane at all? Obviously they have the technology to "ping" a satellite with data, why couldn't you upload voice/video/flight data real time to the satellite real time and record digitally. Heck you could even have the data stored at the NSA. That way when a plane goes missing you could pull up the data before you even found the plane. One call to the NSA and a quick database query, you could be listening to the cockpit conversations before the plane gets all the way to the scene of the crash. I bet you could beat the paramedics there by a half hour.
This, "Even better would be technology that didn’t rely on recovering data from accident scenes. In 2010 the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers proposed replacing the “black box” with a “glass box” — i.e., technology that would transmit data continuously and in real time to a ground-based system. This is more than a proposal — Star Navigation Systems of Canada already has developed such a product. But once again, cost is a factor." And, this, "commercial aircraft be better monitored worldwide" should be very seriously considered.
I think the Malaysian government is almost completely responsible. They put way to much focus for too long on some sort of sabotage or terrorism. They tried their best to take responsibility off of them and blame everything and everyone else while putting the relatives through hell. The media like CNN also jumped on the bandwagon with their idiotic theories that fueled the fire instead of focusing on the most probable case. I think Malaysia knew what happened all along and were just afraid of all of the lawsuits that are still to come.
..And for them to say what REALLY happened would have caused world wide terror. But they knew from the beginning. Their evasiveness was disgusting and obvious, treating everyone like children.. They knew that that plane had been hit and never had a chance. And, sending a MASS EMAIL to all the families saying that none survived is nothing short of CRIMINAL. Remind me to never vacation there. Matter of fact, now you'll have to twist my arm just to fly from here to the next state.
They can be a lot more than sued - as soon as the truth comes out, someone can and will plot against Malaysia and possibly ignite World War 3. Nobody cares how "safe" this airline was. The fact that it was coming from a Muslim nation with 2 Iranians hijacking it, with all those Chinese on board - makes it very suspect.
What I have learned ( along time ago) is reports of airplane incidents are seldom correct, often not plausable, and sometimes hilariously incorrect. From the eyewitnesses on the ground saying "I seen the plane flying just fine, and then go staight down" to "the engine stalled" to "the pilot was a hero, he steered away from them buildings". Then add in the cable news experts. "The pilot programmed the left turn", or "the pilot was practicing left turns on his home flight simulator". Well, I certainly hope so. Then add in the nutjob conspiracy theorists who add mind or weather altering chemicals to the fuel (chemtrails), or missles fired from New Jersey, or whatever, and, well, you just can't pay for this stuff.
Everyone wants to be the first to come up with the right explanation; they all want to be the EXPERT. It had to be in only one of three places: hidden on the ground(under trees; in hangar), in a place that hasn't been looked(ex Khazikstan), or deep under the water.
Ask any experienced pilot. All of the items above except #5 (the ELT) are subject to the usual lack of energy to get anything done either in the air or after a disaster. The one item that EVERY airline can improve upon,and do so greatly, is to reinvent the ELT system. That, tied to a better DFDR and CVR,although they are mostly fine now and function even in the worst events, would make all this misery so much less. The Emergency Locator Transmitter (ELT) is in every airplane (in the USA, mandated by law). It is required to stay live for just so long. Strength, size, power are not regulated. So they keep moaning about the locator beacons (ELTs) pings or strength giving out. Right they are. Want to improve it? Make every airliner spend about $50,000 or even more to make the ELT: larger, even better protected, and most importantly, powerful and long lasting enough to send signals ten times as strong as they can now out of 20,000 feet below water for about a month. That might cost them the equivalent of a seat or two in the airplane. Right now an aircraft can broadcast on the emergency radio on 121.5 emergency frequency and be picked up in the air a long way away. This ELT needs to be strong enough so that when it is activated it gives off a signal strong enough to be heard immediately a thousand miles away. See why the airlines don't have something that would solve all this anxiety? It would hurt their profit margin.
That is, so that each ELT system on each plane costs $50k per unit, keeping in mind the development, production, and supply costs to totally revamp a working but weak system.
To be fair not bad points, however it is worded in such a way as to assume this thing is solved. Um....... not exactly, at this point the plane is supposed to have crashed in some remote part of the southern Indian Ocean and it is possible the plane will never be found however until a piece of this thing is found and it could take quite a while to float to where someone will find it their is no proof it crashed any where.
Exactly. Until at least something is found everyone's guess is as good as the next persons. Well said.
Mr. McGee didn't state anything new or earth-shaking. I think he took all those points from posters over 19 days and compiled them as his own.
What is puzzling is that no one bothered to check where the aircraft went till the scheduled arrival time in Beijing next day. I understand each ATC is supposed to handover the Aircraft to the next ATC when it enters a new territory. What was KL ATC doing ? Did they not check if the Aircraft reported to the next ATC or not ? Had they known in few minutes that MH370 did not report to the next scheduled ATC, something could have been done immediately. Probably at that moment the aircraft was still flying towards Indian Ocean. Even railways worldwide have the age old system of reporting to the next station so that the next station will be expecting the train to arrive. But it is really surprising that in this hi-tech era such a failure has taken place.
MH370 was a regular flight over the same route, same schedule. When KL ATC handed off the plane to Saigon ATC (or Ho Chi Minh City - whatever), the Vietnam ATC immediately missed it. They knew to expect it, and when no radio call came in, they knew something was amiss. They immediately started calliing MH370 and asked other aircraft in the area to try to contact them, too. Reportedly, from the voice inflections of the pilots trying to contact MH370, most all thought it was a simple case of a faulty radio. I'm sure that there was a lot going on to raise the plane on radio that we'll only hear about much later, if at all. The real alarm only went out an hour after the plane was supposed to land in Beijing. That's when they knew it wasn't a radio problem and that they had a missing plane to find.
AS, Right! That was the first and biggest error happened, in fact the plane was flying turn back to Malaysia mainland and air space, but no one reported (included ministers and prime minister) even the country is equipped with billion value of radar and surveillance system! and those leaders are still denying, cover up, blaming others, ignorant....................but not the truth?? Let justice and human awareness take action!
Here is a list of what we need to have learned from this incident: Every plane needs to send regular information to satellites to help pinpoint the planes location at any given time. The biggest problem was that the investigators were pulling tiny bits of information from a dozen different sources, and it took a week before they even realized they were looking in completely the wrong body of water. Yet at the same time, the plane was already equipped to have given all the needed information to the satellites, if only a switch had been turned on by the airline. Who cares what the media focuses on? The real changes need to be made in how planes are monitored.
who pays for it is the issue? Airlines want to be cheap and they would say it is not their business..
They do this. Everything they said about not knowing where the plane went is a complete, and utter lie. It is a hilarious lie as well.
I would suggest that the Malaysian authorities are embarrasingly innept, unprofessional and unwilling to ask for help. It would seem plausible that the US, China, Russia, along with perhaps other nations have "spy" satelites strategically planted around the globe and able to track just about any object in the sky. Why did they wait to approach these countries for assistance? Super power militaries, know at any given moment where ships are located in the ocean, where planes are flying in the sky and where potential threats might come from. You can't tell me that somebody doesn't already know all the details...
something that has not come up is the electronics being hacked into , it would seem that almost everything electronic has been or can be hacked into and controlled . this has been proven many times in the last 15 years and it has been done to some of the most secure systems . power stations nuke plants in Iran , info stolen and much much more , if this was discovered to be the case I'm sure they would not want people to know as airline travel would come to a halt , none the less , automobiles systems can be controlled on newer cars in many different ways and I suspect so could an air liner. people may think I'm crazy but anyone that knows electronics and technology of today , everything can be hacked or has been hacked . it may very well have been a test by china or some rogue group and why claim responsibility if you plan to use this again
Hacking is what happened here. The Chinese government was testing out some of their new toys on this plane and guess what, it worked.
Al, I think your on to something, that would explain the appearance of a goofed up investigation !!
CNN has turned this into a three ring circus with all their BS. When push comes to shove, these arm chair experts don't have a clue as to where that plane is or whether it crashed or has been taken to a third world country and sitting in a hanger and people held hostage for a later announcement. I would imagine the U.S military has used their spy satellites to zero in on the planes route and probably have pictures of it and know where it really is. The military can take a picture of a pimple on a fleas #$%$ from several hundred miles above the earth. How do you think they spy on other countries and the enemy.
I happened to turn on CNN the other day (never watch it regularly) and I could not believe the dumb, yes, dumb people they have as reporters. They stumbled all over themselves when reporting information that had been repeated over and over, ad infiniteum! I remember when the Marathon Bombing occurred and the following Friday the police were in Watertown (happens one of my nephews lived a block away from the final site) and at one point the camera switched to a reporter in a street several blocks away from the action and this incredibly moronic woman said, "Look at how deserted the street is....it's as if a bomb went off". This was said w/ a straight face and in all seriousness. I was dumfounded. This is the kind of so-called "reporting" this station gives. I can't believe they are still on the air.
"Focusing primarily on terrorism can obscure other threats..." We still don't know with a great deal of certainty what happened. "There’s a critical window to find survivors." I didn't know that until you just told me. I figured as long as you get around to rescuing any survivors with in a month or two, they would be okay. Thanks for the info. " Media coverage flailed on the likely causes." They fail on just about anything that is technical and mysterious. They analyze it to death and spew a million different "theories" based on speculation. Really dumb people what them repeat the same thing for hours on end in order to be "well informed".
Will we ever learn? The transponders were turned off on 9/11 when the planes were hijacked. I did not know what a transponder was before that. Why, over 12 years later, hasn't something been done to set off huge alarms on the ground when a transponder is turned off? Turning off the transponder on the planes that hit the twin towers allowed the planes to fly off course, directly at the towers, for 1/2 an hour. Plenty of time to evacuate the twin towers if systems had been in place then. Since bin Laden had threatened to take down the towers and a Presidential Briefing to Bush in August contained the words "planes", "New York" and "buildings" did no one react to transponders being turned off? Seems like a very simple process that could have prevented whatever happened to this plane since it flew for several hours with the transponder off.
Evacuate the Twin Towers in half an hour? You're delusional.
Certainly we will learn! It's just unfortunate that it takes a tragedy to draw attention to flaws/weaknesses within a system...as this tragedy, having grabbed worldwide attention, will surely do. Transponders, btw, are multi-purpose instruments and operate on different channels/frequencies. Certain channels/frequencies (as per airport, I believe) allow air traffic controllers to see identifying characteristics/information about that certain corresponding "blip" on their radar screens. Other channels are used for other important information, including one frequency to surreptitiously broadcast a "being-hi-jacked" report. Their use is especially important in areas around 'high-traffic' airport areas, whether for overflying to another destination or for landing or taking-off. It looks to me as if our neighbors in Canada are onto something good...and I quote: "Even better would be technology that didn’t rely on recovering data from accident scenes. In 2010 the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers proposed replacing the “black box” with a “glass box” — i.e., technology that would transmit data continuously and in real time to a ground-based system. This is more than a proposal — Star Navigation Systems of Canada already has developed such a product. But once again, cost is a factor." In summary, I would not be surprised to see this unfortunate tragedy supply the impetus for another major improvement in air safety! Hopefully, sooner rather than later!
Unbelievable that KC got 5 thumbs down---JA836 and the others are nuts. 30 min---thousands and thousands of people on over a hundred floors? NUTS, I TELL YA!
Remember, the majority of people managed to get out even after the towers were hit and burning. Imagine what 30 extra minutes could have meant.
Remember also, how they were initially expecting the death toll to be as high as 20k. Amazing that it was the much less, but still horrifying 3000k.
Oh, so now it is an EXTRA 30 min. Well, that would certainly be better, but that is not at all what was stated by JA836............
Dirt rider - how long would it take? Rick Rescorla was a security guard for Morgan Stanley who anticipated the attacks (amazing that no one else did actually) after the 1993 bombing so he insisted the employees conduct a practice evacuation every three months. AFTER the plane hit the first tower, when the employees were told to stay at their desks, he insisted they evacuate he was able to evacuate nearly all of Morgan Stanley's 2300 + employees who were up as high as the 44th floor. They just needed to get out before the building collapsed which was some 20 minutes, I believe, after the planes hit. Many, probably most, lives could have been saved.
@dirt rider...thanks. I think these folks have been smoking the ganga.
KC - I believe you two are the ones smoking something. All but 2606 people were able to escape. Of those, 90% were at or above the level of the impact. If they had started evacuating from the top down, which would have been logical and much easier while elevators were still working, the majority if not all of those people would have made it.
So, KC and Dirt rider - I just looked up a few more stats. It is estimated that there were 17,400 people in the towers when the planes hit. That means nearly 14,800 people were able to escape in the 50 some minutes it took for the first tower to collapse. So, obviously the 2,606 could have made it out within 30 minutes.
The Malaysian airline disaster is from the two Islamic terrorists with the stolen passports, and the media are propagandists who should be jailed, ok? If you're taking anything the media has told you as fact, then you're an idiot. Ok? They get their info usually from "anonymous sources," or from reports directly by the govt, who are known liars. If that isn't obvious enough, the fact that the govts have a clear motive to lie here should be? How stupid do you have to be to not have the capacity to think through that? Let me answer for you.....really really really really stupid. That's what you are. Added to the Malaysian airplane disaster, which btw, the debris was found the very first day, and the govts have lied about this ever since (which I know you people are too dumb to comprehend), Obama is also giving the internet away guys. Yes, he really is. Now I'd like to ask you why, Obama, would do that? Let's first look at the consistency of the decisions Obama has made from the very beginning. He's giving the country away to all the immigrants, he's announced last Friday he's going to give one of our greatest assets away called the world wide internet, he gave the largest oil lake away to Russia and Canada off our coast of Alaska without getting a single penny for it, he double the national debt and gave that money away not to the people but to the world in order to spread out America's assets, he wants a mosque at ground zero, is concerned for the rights of the 911 terrorists, is lying about the Malaysian plane disaster because that too was from Islamic terrorists, lied about Benghazi, bowed to a Saudi King, he hates the nation of Israel, he played the race card to get elected even though his fathers were from Kenya. Now I would submit to you why Obama is interested in giving away America, is because he was raised by those, and in a country where those, and then hung around with people who those, as their number one topic of conversation, hated America, with a passion. This is what Obama was raised around, from the time he was born to when he took office. His pastor of 20 years, hated on America. Obama went to his church for a reason folks. After 911, he said "America's chickens, are coming home, to roost!!", and "God Bless America? No, GD America!." I submit to you that this was all fully known, by all, before Obama even took office. Are we surprised by this? I submit to you that every other place in the world is a cesspool to live in except America, and almost everywhere people blame America for this. But instead of making the rest of the world like America by giving away all our assets, it will instead make America, like the rest of the world.
Mel, Obviously you think you're smarter than everyone else including the experts. You then have to go off topic on your ridiculous Obama rant. For a self professed smart guy you are one ignorant fool.
As a former SAR Mission Coordinator, I was concerned over the delays in getting all the information and data on the incident. The first 24-48 hours are critical and all information, radar, ATC Communication, ITAP data, Sarsat data, pilot profiles, aircraft maintenance (last maintenance and history should be in the hands of the SAR Coordinators immediately. Also, there are times when even in the US where this information is quickly made available to SAR resources that we just do not locate the missing aircraft quickly such as the cases of Steve Fossett or Hale Boggs. The airlines and the SAR personnel should be mindful of the families of the missing and understand their frustrastion and anxieties. That to me was always the hardest part of the mission and it must be handled with the utmost objectivity and compassion for them.
Every moron out ther has a GPS in their pocket but we can't manage to get one on these planes? Two major losses beyond radar coverage in the last few years and we have to search like crazy to find the wreckage. We could have known the exact spot they hit the water, and known it right when it happened. Having a search zone being a tenth of the planet (and mostly water) at any point, in a search for a vehicle carrying hundreds of people, is COMPLETELY unacceptable.
I agree, but what are you (personally) doing about the situation...other than sitting around and moaning?
GPS device tells the owner where they are and how they can get somewhere. Here we want someone else to say where you are. It is different and costs much more ...
People do NOT want to pay more for air travel. Costs continue to rise. Air travelers have had to give up certain amenities as time has gone on (i.e. food, free baggage checks, etc.). $8000 for the image recorder is a grossly under estimated. The company I work for and others have units that can transmit current information via satellite and prevent situations like the MH370 but someone has to pay for the units and for the satellite time. Since we do NOT want to pay more, we aren't going to pay for it. So who is?????
Malaysia and Boeing didn't necessarily CAUSE the accident. There may have been things they could have done(long before) to maybe prevent it but I don't think the blame lies with them...not yet anyway, no proof. The pilot was very experienced and the plane has an impeccable safety record. The "lawyers" want to sue them because they can't get anything from the pilot's "estate"-- if it was pilot error. If a plane explodes in midair because of turbulence and lightning, are the lawyers going to file against the weatherman or the pilots for flying into said area? Lawyers are money hungry because it's their livelihood and because they think they can get money for themselves- a lot of it. They ACT like they care about their clients but it's only about lining their own pockets(that Mercedes has to get paid off soon).
It WASNT THE PILOTS' FAULT. One day this will all come out, when the public is prepared to hear the truth. Now? not so much..
The #1 reason for airplane accidents - Pilots. We can build fully automatic airplanes that don't require pilots. We can build fully automated airports, that require no controllers. The problem is that you make the planes hackable. In the end, we can also build very high speed mag-lev tubes that do away with aircraft all together. In the meantime, don't allow the pilots to turn off the transponders or the voice recorders and allow inflight ground access to these records during the flight. If something happens, like a decompression rendering the pilots incapable of landing the airplane, allow an over ride to land the plane.
"The #1 reason for airplane accidents - Pilots. We can build fully automatic airplanes that don't require pilots. We can build fully automated airports, that require no controllers. The problem is that you make the planes hackable." Utter nonsense! There is no substitiute for an experienced pilot in the cockpit when the automated-systems fail, as they most often do (moreso than ever you'll ever know, speaking as a pilot myself)...especially when an unanticipated situation occurs! What happens when the Instrumented Landing System (ILS), partially-based on land goes out? I want an experienced pilot there who can take over when the systems fail! (And I highly-doubt that most pilots would fully-trust such a system to completely-land a plane without careful supervision, especially when things are most-apt to go wrong in the landing...unexpected downdrafts, gusts of wind, instrument failures/false-indications, etcetera!) Even the current "drones" being employed by our government are controlled by experienced pilots on the ground...but there is no loss of human life when one fails...whether through pilot error or otherwise! Do you intend to fly in a commercial airliner similarly-flown? Right now that's about as automated as it's going to be for a number of years! Give me a real live pilot in the cockpit anytime! In the meantime, our Canadian friends have come up with something that might prove to be very useful: "It looks to me as if our neighbors in Canada are onto something good...and I quote: "Even better would be technology that didn’t rely on recovering data from accident scenes. In 2010 the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers proposed replacing the “black box” with a “glass box” — i.e., technology that would transmit data continuously and in real time to a ground-based system. This is more than a proposal — Star Navigation Systems of Canada already has developed such a product. But once again, cost is a factor." In summary, I would not be surprised to see this unfortunate tragedy supply the impetus for another major improvement in air safety! Hopefully, sooner rather than later!
John, good point. In today's world they need to rethink their odds. They are no longer just dealing with human and mechanical error, they are dealing with high tech knowledge getting into the wrong hands and "human time bombs with a cause." It will only get worse, not better. However, a takeover by the government might not result in the kind of changes that are needed either, because, it is also run by money and lobbyists who have ingenious ways of influencing all of our government branches. I don't know how you take money out of the equation. If it is not money it is whatever has value at the time and our history shows us that human life always comes in way down the line on value. Far below power, riches(whatever that may be) greed, personal causes, beliefs, etc. Life falls in this list somewhere for everyone, but a long way from the top of the list for most (talking about the world now). We will never be without tragedy and tragedy only matters to those who want to put human life above all else while not wanting to sacrifice whatever they may already have accrued or believe they have gained.
you know one of the things about lies is that to keep them going you have to keep getting bigger and bigger and more exaggerated explanations about what you are lying about, that is what makes it so hard to keep up a big lie and also you end up contradicting yourself all the time. that certainly seems to be the case with this long involved complex story. every other plane that goes down in midair over the ocean has had debris all over the ocean and seats floating and luggage (that always floats.) etc. why of why don't we have that here. AND they can identify nothing and everything is a big fat mystery. rigghhht??? these are all things that make you go hmmmmmmm. god only knows what really happened to that plane and what is being covered up but you bet your sweet #$%$ someone knows but its sure not going to be the public sheeple.
…there you go. hit it right on the nose.
Let's face it friends -- stuff happens. It's really quite a miracle that the VAST MAJORITY of high-speed / high-altitude / over-ocean flights arrive at their destinations at all. And that they usually arrive pretty much on schedule. These aircraft are extremely complex machines that are operated by highly trained (by almost all standards) elite personnel with large amounts of experience and support. We are speaking of and extremely complex ballet of machines, men, and processes-procedures. Nothing man touches is free from defect. And air transport in the modern era is the definitely flawed. But, as it now stands, it's a great system with incredible reliability. Any changes to the existing system must be VERY carefully considered. When you start talking about adding multiple transmitters, emergency beacons, tracking devices, etc. you really don't know what you are talking about. I am a member of the Civilian Air Patrol (CAP) here in the US. We are the US Air Force axillary. In peace time a large part of our mission is Search And Rescue of Civilian aircraft operating in the General Aviation sphere. The sphere number of false Emergency Beacon activations that happen daily in the US would stagger you. Note: Emergency Beacons are not required equipment on private / civilian aircraft though many do have them. They are required on commercial aircraft of all sizes. Each an every activation, of course, has to be treated as if it's a real emergency (i.e. crash) situation. Most are accidental activations and the aircraft is often found parked on the ground somewhere. This is true of BOTH private and commercial aircraft. If you start adding a lot more emergency transmitters and tracking equipment, you are going to overload and overwhelm ANY and ALL infrastructure existing to do anything about the information these systems transmit.
The number one lesson to learn is to report only the news not to make crazy assumptions and blame people about anything before you have any Facts to what really happened. If the pilots of this planes are just victims of mechanical failure. I will love to see, CNN, MS-NBC, FOX and the rest of the so called "news" channels apologized for at least 3 weeks to the families of the people they have bad mouthed for the last 15 days.
Did anyone notice that none of the 'experts' said simply "I don't know"?
I would also like to see all mean and nasty commenters on sites to apologize to families of victims and remember next time not to be such a jerks. But who? All jerk will blame media.
THe one person they had on CNN who was actually telling the truth… was sent off as crazy. SO there you have it, the world is still not ready.
21st century .. we still rely on age old black box technology because Airline Manufacturer does not want spend more on more on safety , they are busy in adding more seats in plane.. 500 plus passenger. And Gov. Media and even public there is not much outcry towards this big industry we are way complacent , some time we do not know what technology is available and can be implemented in Airline to make it safer. it is just as car Airbags and setbelts that we take granted . .30 years ago. it was unknow. Airline industry needs big weep from government and media to implement several safety major such landing on water , air balooning , better black-box which can stream data directly to control....
Radio signals go up (to satellites) easier than they go down (to land-based stations). Any sailor can tell you that a 401B EPIRB will transmit its 3-D GPS coordinates to satellites from any position on any ocean world-wide for up to 30 days (price $1000). This battery-operated system activated automatically in flight whenever the plane's transponder is shut off could have allowed authorities to track the flight continuously from the point of disruption. It may not have saved anyone, but the location and the response would have been immediate.
Bandwidth and cost of bandwidth my friend. Path loss is also higher up to a satellite, but still, the first part is the emphasis here.
@Reality. They all use one frequency. They are distinguished from each other by digital addresses. There is no "bandwidth" issue.
30 days? I thought 36 hours.
hey man for 1000.00 they can get there kids some new fancy cloths or a bunch of apps
@Luke S wrong there is a band width problem you do not understand what band width means
..if they wanted to reveal the truth of the location,, they would've and could've.. Well said.
Ordinary GPS can pinpoint the location of a car within a meter, and the system can detect a crash and send help immediately. Surely a commercial airplane can be equipped similarly with an automatic system that can't be turned off. They don't ever have a need to fly in stealth mode.
1. Tragedy can strike your family. 2. You don't personally know who's flying the plane. 3. You don't personally know the people who you are flying with. 4. Life is very precious. 5. Don't take anything for granted. 6. You can't control everything. 7. There are many factors which go into getting plane passengers from Point A to Point B. 8. Yes, plane travel may be statistically safer than driving, but an auto driver feels more in control. 9. Technology is overrated. 10. Pray together with your love ones before boarding a plane.
Ladyhawke: Your post is right on! Who ever gave you thumbs down obviously does not have a life.
I would like to propose another, 9th, lesson: Look at how many times there were false leads of debris in the ocean waters explained away as "other" debris. From hearing so many people talk on the subject we learned that it is common practice for ocean liners to dump waste in to the waters. We have learned that debris of that magnitude is commonplace in the Earth's oceans and waters; yet, no one bats an eye over it. I say we clean our waters of this debris - this is something that the World's Navies should address. It would be more meaningful of an effort than global warming - here, we can make a difference.
Of course! the UN Council for Taking Responsibility Against Surface Harm (TRASH) and cleaning up the ocean. Every nation with a border on a body of water will have a rep and the country with the largest coastline will have thee first chairman, After that, the nation that retrieves the most trash would have the next chairman for the year. Great idea!!!
No, I disagree. It should be the world's shipping companies that are forced to keep extra space in their ship to pick up junk.....since they put it there. Companies that comply can be allowed to get back some of their space as they clean up.
P, your idea is excellent, create incentives
What a marvelous idea. I like it.
Evidently you've never heard of the Plastic Continent in the Pacific Ocean.
OK, after they pick it up where do they put it then? Pile it up on land?
We dump an enormous quantity of trash into the ocean. Barges filled with trash sail out and dump it. The amount of waste in the ocean is too large to clean up. The only way to clean it is to reduce the amount of waste dumped and wait for the existing waste to degrade.
can you program a flight computer to fly 7hours below radar to avoid being seen ? If not someone was still flying that plane.
Paul Jackson: The answer to the big question was right there in your answer. I hope you see it.
I think the technology exists or at least can be created to monitor the position of an aircraft regardless of where it's at. And it should be built into the aircraft so it can not be disabled while in flight. The next item is that another technology should exist that if a plane is diverted for any reason that control of the airplane goes into an auto mode and can be controlled from the ground or computer until it's determined why it's deviating from it's intended route. Point is that pilots can best fly the plane. But when something happens to the pilots by accident or intentionally, then every control of the plane can be taken over on the ground.
And just how would you deal with someone on the ground taking over planes for less than positive purposes?
Interesting idea... perhaps Darlene, they on ground take over option would have to happen by multiple people. Best example I can give is one person has control, but a secondary person has to give the ok with some sort of go code.
If you allow an aircraft to be remotely flown, it can and will be flown by the "bad guys" Jon.
Jon you have a point. However the point is we have a problem, now we come up with a solution. The problem has many facets which includes your point. We solve for it.
Darlene These would be one of the many issues of this problem that would be addressed. Certainly it's a valid point but it has a solution.
Transparency means that we can see through their lies now.
Mr. McGee is the first Safety Expert to bring up the logical alternative. While the media and other "Experts" went wild with the theory of terrorism, other more basic statistics point to a malfunction of some kind. The Rip and read experts in the media let their minds run rampant and try to bolster their theories with corroborating "stretches" from aviation theorists. As for the cost of better equipping modern airliners with better devices to aid in accident investigation, it's called "Blood Priority" . How much blood are you willing to spill before the cost benefit doesn't matter any more. Now, let's concentrate on finding the hull and hope there might have been any survivors. The Malaysian investigation board certainly hasn't helped by being the keeper of the secret knowledge!
I think it is weird that we can find parts of the rovers from orbit around Mars and see things on the moon we left in the 60's, but we cant find this huge #$%$ plane with all those poor people. I think China is going to be #$%$ at Malaysia, in the past they prob would have invaded them and wiped them out for much less. They treated the people badly. It was hard to watch the women crying, that was the heaviest part. Malaysia is going to have a long time to pay them back if they ever do.
...Which is why I wish everyone would realize that this is a coverup.
I submit William J McGee has never been or ever will be an international airline pilot. He is a teacher at a college in Queens NY and a consumer advocate. He has written an interesting article but I doubt he has ever sifted through any aircraft accidents still smoldering with the stink of human flesh. In the Boeing 777 there are two different transponders with little in common but the single on/off switch. Turning one off is a deliberate act that takes the power away from them both. Black boxes? Yes there are two, but they each do different jobs and are not alike. Finding either of them is paramount. The data, if the black boxes are found in reasonably good shape, will always be there and can be recovered, battery or not. The batteries sole purpose is to operate the locator beacon for plus or minus 30 days. This WAS a hijacking, even if the pilot(s) did it. I did not find anything compelling about Mr. McGee's article, although I am sure he means well by trying to shove on us his self promoted expert opinion, not different than those who instruct in many colleges anyway- who believe they have all the right answers. However, I would have been impressed if he would have touched a bit on what folks are not talking about. I have a huge problem with the Malaysian Government and their public falsehoods and backstroking. And then finally, sweeping it all under the carpet by declaring that the flight crashed in the South Indian Ocean and that's that! And that conclusion was based on new technology, never been used before. I smell a rat. Especially since the PM of Malaysia made his "We have nothing to hide!" declaration right from the get go.
The commenter was looking for the climate change article.
No. John, you've got it right it is a cover up so bravo for you. And anyone telling the truth would be put in the LOON BIN.
The author writes this and bemoans the speculation of "experts" on the media and the 24 by 7 coverage of cable networks - and rightfully so. CNN in particular was disgusting. Unfortunately, the speculation will continue until the flight recorders are found, are recovered and analyzed if not damaged. I think the recovery team ought block press access and offer a single press briefing every two weeks to release updates - unless they find the plane and/or recorders. No need for the news to report every time a wooden pallet or body or seat cushion is found.
I would say finding a body, or even a seat cushion, would be significant.
Things we learned from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight: 1. No matter how much advanced technology we have ranging from self cleaning ovens to being able to see satellite images on other planets, we cannot find a missing plane. 2. After much speculation of what happened and after accusing countries, terrorists and then airline personnel, we now conclude that the plane is at the bottom of the ocean even though we still have zero real proof and don't plan to acquire it, either. 3. We can see into galaxies and discover planets but we are unable to verify if said missing plane is actually in the ocean. 4. We will continue to feed you vague bull based on contradictory evidence and we expect you not to question it. (Feel free to add)
Its not here. How 'bout that.
I'm sure the aircraft makers and the FAA will make sure another plane that goes down or happenings that all the signal and recording devices can not be turned off. I did not know that these devices could be turned off in the cockpit, untill this MH370 incendent. I'm also sure many other air travelers did not kmow this either, each of these devices could be turned off. I also hope the FAA and other agencies make a quick move to remove these switches from the cockpit and other ways to turn off these devices from the time plane is pluged in to electric untill, the plane is at total shut down for the devices to shut down.
You CANNOT remove the switches - pilots need theses to effectively do their job. Transponders need to a) have their frequency changed regularly and b) be switched OFF on the ground so that the air traffic controller's screens are not cluttered with false echos.
they are fast in declaring all souls on board flight 370 have p#$%$ed. Even tho they havnt found the actual PLANE yet. still alot of thing we should look into they might be holding back some information how can the plane as #$%$ this one just Vanish o.O. With all the satellite in Orbit not fine a single trace of it? only to hear they fine small pieces of Debris which i think they still havnt said if they actually belong to the Aircraft or not.
At least this article lays out some of the lessons that can be learned from this tragedy.
We have spent Millions of dollars figuring out what happened with Flight 370. We have spent Thousands and Thousands of manhours discussing mostly what if scenarios. The Flight Data Recorders haven't been changed since 1970, so why don't we take some of this money and set up new equipment, satellite tracking, and procedures, instead of burning it all now? When a plane goes down in water, we could easily have it transmit it's exact location to a satellite, and then we would be able to maybe find the plane, and at least know that it has crashed into the Ocean. It is easier to search the Moon than to search the bottom of our Oceans.
I agree, 100%! The question then becomes, "Which satellite?" All of those satellites operate mainly on one or two certain frequencies. Perhaps, then, there should be an international agreement (and this can probably only be accomplished through the UN!) that all future satellites also include the capability to also-include an agreed-upon emergency channel/frequency and the ability to switch observation to that general direction. We all know about and understand triangulation (in this case, three satellites being involved)...imagine how much more 'pinpointing' data received copuld be with 5 or more satellites receiving the same information. Our neighbors to the north have already addressing the problem to a certain extent...and I quote, from the article: "Even better would be technology that didn’t rely on recovering data from accident scenes. In 2010 the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers proposed replacing the “black box” with a “glass box” — i.e., technology that would transmit data continuously and in real time to a ground-based system. This is more than a proposal — Star Navigation Systems of Canada already has developed such a product. But once again, cost is a factor." The one thing we all know is that if such technology were to be adopted 'en masse' by the aviation industry, it becomes progressively less expensive as more such units are produced/employed!
Continuous up links of basic positional data (GPS coordinates) is not expensive nor hard to do. If you want to add in a little more like the aircraft heading, speed, altitude and basic engineering and environmental data, no big deal. The data is all there. Just add a bit to the planes ACARS system that can't be manually turned off, and make it redundant. The Inmarsat system is already in place, and if every airline had to do this, there would be more competition. Is it free, no, is it costly on a per flight basis, No. Just do it. CW
Lesson # 9 learned (well, possibly). Though all the nations of the world do not have a clue as to the disposition of the missing airliner, satellite images have taught us one lesson. Hundreds of pieces of debris of over 40 feet length and/or width have been spotted in one relatively small part of just one ocean. And that's just on the surface. Think of how many pieces of trash you are aware of that are under 40 feet. Hundreds of thousands, I'm sure. Now I think you realize all the trash we have dumped in our oceans. Many of those objects are toxic to us or fish. We humans have turned our oceans into one massive dump. Now, for just a moment, think of the nature and magnitude of the trash from Fukushima that's headed towards our shores. If we learned nothing from lesson # 9, we may not be around to even experience lesson # 10.
Remember also we've had several sun amis or whatever the spelling where complete towns were washed into the ocean, this may be some or it. Either way, I don't buy that the airliner is in the ocean, sorry. They lie about so much, and Im reading about evidence that indicates otherwise. So much for the authorities for telling the truth, and I feel so so sorry for all the families/friends that are involved. Where ever these people are, we won't ever see them again thats for sure. I don't believe they re dead, not as they put it. We are not sophisticated enough as a collective yet to accept the truth. And Malayasia is too corrupt to tell it. So theres your match.
Journalists are mental midgets, morons and imbeciles in terms of IQ! They made a mess of this entire story with incompetent speculation and diverted a weak government from working on the problem by forcing Malaysia to deal with peanut head news journalists, aka, Truth Terrorists! The families of the missing should be allowed to sue each media outlet for $10M each for lies against humanity and gross negligence in reporting the truth. Heck, some Asian government is welcome to execute the CNN news staff!
I find this quote misleading:I am willing to bet if you broke the crashes into 2 categories, 1 being runway crashes, or 2 accidents while in the air. There are better success rates when the plane barely makes it off the ground vs. mid-flight accidents. Furthermore, NTSB can classify an accident as a blown tire on the runway, an engine catching fire, or a plane scraping another plane while getting in/out the airport. Quote: "Thirteen years ago, the National Transportation Safety Board conducted an extensive examination of U.S. airline accidents between 1983 and 2000 and found that 95.7 percent of occupants survived; put another way, 51,207 occupants of domestic airline crashes lived."
You are correct. NTSB has guidelines for when an event is to be reported, and 'passenger injury'--even if not a fatality--requires the event to be reported and becomes a statistic. Generally, if an airplane is moving under its own power and has some sort of impact that causes significant damage, the event will be reported. There may have been no fatalities, but the 'accident' goes on the books.
"Lesson No. 8: Media coverage flailed on the likely causes. Ever since MH370 first went missing, 24/7 cable news and Internet sites developed a voracious appetite for experts to weigh in. Unfortunately, a lack of answers fueled wild speculation and “conspiracy theories” that included alien abduction and a portal to heaven. What’s often overlooked is that investigators live in a world of theorizing, conspiratorial and otherwise. (Ironically, many of the same media outlets admonishing viewers and readers to ignore “conspiracy theories” simultaneously promulgated them.)" I think the problem is the amount of possibilities because for example just from watching mayday/news I can come up with 3 ways it could have turned off course.
uneven engine thrust due to engine failure/loss, uneven lift of the wings because of retractable part failure ( possibly from hydraulic failure) , course adjustment #$%$, etc.
I suffered little from the constant, useless speculation after the event because I turned off every new discussion of it. The few headlines I happened to hear were more than enough to keep me informed. Instead of listening to this stuff, we need to sent good thoughts (prayers, if so inclined) to the victims from the very first. This may or may not help them, but it will keep us saner and focus our attention where it needs to be: on our fellow human beings!
Totally useless article by some guy just just wants to make a name for himself. Terrorism was NOT the focus from the get-go so #1 is a dumb reference; no -need for black boxes - just stupid, when found (what over 90% of the time) they reveal the problem; media coverage was no better or worse than usual. 100% the families needed to be treated with respect but not one poster for 19 days needed William McGee to tell us that! He needs to go cover Justin Beiber and why he's such an #$%$ rather than spout his un-knowledge of this tragedy!
it is clear to methat these black boxes have to be ejected on impact and recoverable. they should be floatable in case of water crash and cushioned proofed for land crash. i was under the impression that thier was or is smart people in charge. i quess i was wrong to assume such a thing i quess they are a bunch of bafunes like politicans, come to think of it they all got the same education by the same over thinking phds. , the same spoiled kids, the same silver spoon kids. therefore they are lost unless they are at thier club or on the golf course. here we are lost again and we cant get thier same goverment that mandated us to wear seat belts or took our privacy away to mandate and make these b boxes surviable. remember to vote everyon out and vote for the guy with less pac money behind him, so he doesnt have so much insider debt to pay back.
Direct satellite communications cost a lot more than black boxes. All the airlines have to do is spend the money. Not only does that plane have the capability to transmit complete flight data but the engines also communicate their status independently sending specific engine parameters with a maint. hub. Money folks. Somebody has to make the greedy bastards pay for it - they will never do it on their own. Google ARINC. All commercial aircraft in the US and probably the world have ARINC up and down links.
any cost you ask the airlines to pay increases the ticket cost. directly transmitting data from all of the planes has little value. rarely are the black boxes not recoverable and even then they can usually piece together what happens. who cares of the 9 11 black boxes survived, what more is there to learn?
Yes, someone has to pay for it. But it is not new. It requires only some new agreements and some reprogramming. I'm not advocating for or against. I really don't care since I refuse to fly anymore. But lets all remember that someone had to pay for the black boxes and the first class food and all of it. I think that anyone who wants to receive the benefits of current or future technology should check a box on there freaking ticket and if the box is not checked you don't get to hear what happend to the folks or the kids. For the yahoo User - information is already being transmitted all the time. that is how ATC keeps track of traffic in mid-ocean with no radar. It is how the airlines tack fuel usage. I have no idea how the 911 black boxes got into this but I'm betting this yokel has some issues that transcend safety and relate to libertarian baffle gab.
that canadian company mentioned offered there 24/7 inside and out monitoring to the airlines several years ago it cost 1500.00 per aircraft when broken down to passengers and flights per month it came to a tad over 3 cents per passenger all the airlines declined the service..think about it 3 #$%$ cents per passenger..unreal...this technology needs to be instituted right f#$%$ now...other words every airplane in the sky buys in to it or they dont fly...this company estimates it could be installed in every commercial jetliner within 6 months...will they do it? of course not that 1500.00 per plane could buy a wholelota vacations and starbucks fancy cars mansion etc etc....when it comes to mega corps its all about how mutch fatter there wallets can be since they left home for work
Recent articles mentioned how both GM and Toyota knew that their faulty vehicles were killing people, yet they buried the information. I'm sure that other car companies and other companies in general operate in the same manner. it's all such bullsht it makes your head spin.
Here is a list of what we need to have learned from this incident: Every plane needs to send regular information to satellites to help pinpoint the planes location at any given time. The biggest problem was that the investigators were pulling tiny bits of information from a dozen different sources, and it took a week before they even realized they were looking in completely the wrong body of water. Yet at the same time, the plane was already equipped to have given all the needed information to the satellites, if only a switch had been turned on by the airline. Who cares what the media focuses on? The real changes need to be made in how planes are monitored.
Aliyha, why did you copy Josh H's post from six hours ago?
@theBertzes cause what he said is exactly what I think, rather not repeat myself when the copy and paste makes my life easier. duh
Aliyah, that's what thumbs up are for. Duh yourself.
@theBertzers so what if I steal his post. do u have any proof that he didnt steal that post from me?
starting from today, I'm going to steal all your posts. Get ready for it
starting from today, I'm going to steal all your posts. Get ready for it
Total BS is what they expect people to believe. Malaysians officials said the transponders were manually shut down. Now after how long they are saying the pilots tried to save the plane. No, no no. That is just Malaysia airlines listening to their attorneys and to try and make it look like something really messed up happened. The planes diversion from its normal course was programmed into the planes computer system. The pilots flight simulator had him practicing left turns. Oh and hello, how long does it take to identify debris floating in the ocean?? Sorry, not buying it. There is much more to the story of what happened to this plane. Who says there could not have been survivors and right now we don't even know the plane crashed. So much bs. They should ask themselves if I had a loved one on that plane would I believe the tales that are being told? Disgusting
You're disgusting. If you knew anything, pilots can and do program alternate headings to alternate airfields they can land on during routine flights in case of emergency. All it takes is a twist of a GPS #$%$ to pick a spot. Funny, A left turn at their location takes you to two Malaysian airfields, Pulau Pinang or Pulau Langkawi, with 13,000' runways. That both pilots were very familiar with. And the closest safe airports. If you suffer decompression at 35,000', you have 10 seconds to get oxygen. Or you're unconscious. In one minute, you might be dead. A fire in the cockpit means you shouldn't use the oxygen mask. They have other means. Get the aircraft down to safe breathing altitudes. If you are in an emergency situation, trying to save your life, the last thing on your mind is calling on a radio to report that you have a problem. Especially when you only have 10 seconds of consciousness. Incidentally, the reciprocal of the end of the flight path takes the aircraft over the two airfields. But you wouldn't know or understand that.
Try to buy a new CVR or FDR for $8000. Figure in the cost of integrating the new boxes into existing aircraft. What does this guy teach?
This comment from the article - " it’s also clear that the armed forces of several nations had access to radar and satellite data concerning MH370, and safety experts questioned why so many of these findings took so long to come to light." states my primary question on this crash. It is obvious that there was information out there that could have been accessed much sooner IF the nations involved had stepped up and disclosed the data they had. There has to be a way to release the data without compromising the "top secret" way they got it. I cannot believe when lives could possibly have been saved that NONE of the major powers were willing to release their data.
as soon as data is published, then everyone knows their radar range on that side of their border. Not the greatest thing for a country to do
well, you have to believe it, because that's exactly what happened. The US and British governments had the initial date from Inmersat showing the plane turned around on day 2, and did not send that to the Malaysians for four days. You have 12-13 governments playing chicken here, and none of them wanted to budge.
No doubt a few countries most likely had information that could have aided in getting a location on the crash location of the airliner. But it will also expose the capabilities of their military equipment. Not sure if anyone would have been saved.
They could have released it through a third party and avoided giving away their "top secret" operations. In fact, by using Inmersat that is in fact what they may have done, just too bad they didn't do it sooner.
I think it's more a question of what data is important, and then looking for it .... that takes the time. People were not looking in the south ... once people started looking there, they tracked that data down.
"They could have released it through a third party and avoided giving away their "top secret" operations." - no they couldn't have. You are oversimplifying some of the most complex stuff on our planet, including weighing the potential safety of millions of people in your own country vs finding a plane with 239 people - and not many of them from your country. Collateral damage.
bertha fay,this so called expert would not know about satellite and radar coverage.Radar covers the areas where it is needed.Indias radar would not be trained on the southern Indian Ocean.And no countries satellites cover the southern Indian Ocean.The satellites are used to watch other countries and maybe busy waterways.The Chinese said they had to retask the satellites to photograph that section of the ocean.so this man is not as much of an expert as he thinks he is.And to receive info from the countries who use the satellites it takes days to check everything they can capture in a half an hour.
in this case, no lives could have been saved
Donnie - your key words "they said" AND you believe them???
Concerning Item 5: I, for one, would support an FAA Subsidization through tax dollars, to equip all Commercial Airliners, with the necessary equipment to monitor and determine their locations. I do not know why there is such resistance to these items given today's environment. True, this was a Malaysian Aircraft but I have also learned in my years that the more something is produced and utilized, the cheaper it gets to produce. The anxiety of this entire situation is magnified by the fact that nobody but the passengers and crew KNOWS exactly what happened and this just does not seem right IMO. From the immediate reports , it appears that the aircraft was returning to its departure point but then suddenly went off the grid. This very situation SHOULD have sparked National Interests at which point National Military radar SHOULD have been immediately activated. I do not understand why it was not.
No question about it, our world IS made up of #$%$ idiots. They knew where that plane was twenty four hours after it disappeared. Why they are waiting is anyone's guess. They first found what they thought was a door floating. Turned out to be garbage with moss on it. Such sophistication!!! Now there are debris fields all over the Indian Ocean? We will soon learn that these debris fields are made up of pieces of clothing, saris, etc., that have floated into this ocean from the Ganges where our Indian brothers and sisters bathe and pray. As for the "independent NTSB", last year several retired NTSB inspectors who finally retired, came out and said that Flight 800 went down from "external force" not any #$%$ spark in it's tank. Over 200 people on the south shore of Long Island saw a missile bring that plane down. It was explained that the burning fuel that poured out of the plane's wing tanks, burned from the bottom up, thus giving the ILLUSION of something flying up to it. What happened to these guys? They were never heard from again. Those poor relatives.
These are not lessons, they are gripes. Bloggers really need to improve their vocabulary.
Remember the pilot who took the plane loaded with people into the Atlantic screaming something about Allah is Great!!! Well, I'm as appreciative of diversity as the next guy but the truth is, one of the first things that comes to mind is, "Is there a whack job Muslim controlling this plane?" Why didn't this article mention that? Sometimes you have to call a spade a spade. I recognize any pilot could commit suicide. But, add in the wack job ideology and agenda, and chances are increased, aren't they?
in this day and age, i would think those black boxes would be comparable to an am radio when standing next to what could replace them. if half the people in the world can have cell phones and use satellites, why can't the planes send their info to a recorder that is safely housed on land. no need to search for a black box when you could have it all on something akin to tivo.
The black boxes are an outdated technology, I don't see the airline industry spending the money to change it.
Point #9: Islamic governments will always attempt to divert attention from anything pointing towards an islamic pilot suicide. So far two incidents have been proven and it remains a highly possible explanation for MH370 as well. The islamic malaysian government is desperately trying to exhonerate the pilots and avoid discussing pilot suicide. They also withheld the info for a week that the plane kept flying for over 7 hours after stopping talking to air traffic control. Now they are spinning ridiculous stories of the pilots heroically trying to save the plane. Somehow this heroic battle went on for seven hours flying past airports where they could have landed with no attempt at communication.
Why can't the airline industry spend a few billion dollars to develop a REAL TIME satellite tracking system where every #$%$ plane in the sky transmits it's GPS coordinates every 30 seconds to an orbiting satellite and relay that information to ground stations? Dont they already use this type of satellite tracking for ships at sea? So we care more about oil tankers than we do precious lives in commercial jets? Why am I the only one smart enough to think of this idea ?!?!
Easy answer. Because passengers like you will always jump airlines to save five bucks and fly on a carrier which doesn't care about such things. You do it all the time. "A few billion dollars", jeez, you sound like a congressman the way you toss those figures around. Like tax money, where do you think those few billion come from?
you are not the only one smart enough but put your money where your mouth is as they are not going to spend theirs on anything other getting more seats on a plane have you not noticed
Go ahead and raise ticket prices --- I'd rather fly knowing that my whereabouts are being tracked ANYWHERE on Earth by orbiting satellites --- so that rescue ships can come save my butt ASAP. By the way --- add up all the MILLIONS of dollars that 25 countries are spending looking for one single plane --- not to mention the BILLION dolllars in lawsuits in the years ahead --- and you'll quickly see why a worldwide satellite tracking system for commercial airliners is a NO BRAINER, dummy!
Is it conceivable that UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE THE COMPUTOR CAN WREST CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT FROM THE PILOT? Is there any circumstance when the pilot cannot over-ride the computer and hand fly the aircraft? If the computer can over-ride the pilot, then computer hacking skyjacking is a definite possibility if not now then in the future. Jon, former rated flight surgeon USAF.
So that is it? We are really just going let this go without any physical evidence?
You know as well as I do, but going out toward into Southern India Ocean where MH370 ran out fuel and ended the flight, someone in the cockpit had know what he or she was doing, with no radio contact and by turning off the transpoter....will the way i've look that, that there are two possible choice that an doom MH370, one- is terror on board, two- pliot's sucide attempt. I'm betting the number 2, because while shortly after departed from Malaysia airport, one of the pliot made have killed his co-worker, and took control the aircraft that cause "mysterly dissapear". Knowing what was it doing. I don't know why he or she manage to keep people claim, or did he or she cut off the air supply and already killing everyone on board. While in flight.
Capt, can't "turn off" the air supply on the plane, but I agree, pilot suicide. I'm assuming, since the majority of the flight was in the dark, they didn't notice anything until the morning when they were thousands of miles over the ocean.
Not sure about pilot suicide, think it wouldn't try to be hidden by the pilot (the crash, by going off course). Perhaps some people (the people or person) responsible for this crash survived, had means & help from others to get to land, but why? It could have been an act of terrorism that went wrong. All I know is that it was not an innocent/accidental crash. Something didn't go right on that flight, something purposely didn't go right on that flight.
If the pilots have time to switch off certain components when they experience trouble then they certainly have time to hit a switch that sends out a colored smoke signal or something that would identify to those on the ground that the plane is in trouble. It sounds like a simple thing to me.
This whole Malaysian Airlines mess is like an episode of Lost. We all hope they are alive on the island. There's still no actual proof this plane went down.
"Thirteen years ago, the National Transportation Safety Board conducted an extensive examination of U.S. airline accidents between 1983 and 2000 and found that 95.7 percent of occupants survived; put another way, 51,207 occupants of domestic airline crashes lived." Well, that's because the NTSB took into account the following type of "crashes": 1. Planes making emergency landings. 2. Planes skidding off the runway 3. Planes that land with a broken landing gear. 4. Planes that experience decompression. 5. Planes that crash-land but are still somewhat controllable. 6. Etc. To me, those aren't crashes. When planes actually CRASH in the sense of what most people would define as a crash, people don't make it out alive. In fact, funerals and coffins are merely symbolic as there are no real solid remains left that would be identifiable as a human being. Whoever came up with "numbers don't lie" was a #$%$' idiot. Numbers lie all the time.
I would like to make a lengthy response to Mr. McGee's excellent article, but I don't think Yahoo would give me the space for everything I want to say, so I will offer just a few thoughts. 1. Pilot error is indeed 54% of accidents, but that frightening share is because the mechanical improvements of aircraft have greatly reduced the exposure of aircraft to catastrophic failures. Wings no longer fall off due to metal fatigue (the Comet), and engines no longer fall off their pylons (the DC10) and cargo doors no longer fail in flight (again, the DC10). Pilots are better trained, better rested, and fly better equipment, but human error is always going to top the charts. I expect as time goes by that pilot error percentages will continue to increase simply because mechanical faults will continue to decrease. 2. Yes, 95.7% of passengers in aircraft accidents survive, but let's be clear what is termed an 'accident'. In NTSB jargon, an event with an airplane where there is substantial damage to the aircraft (I believe its currently $25,000, but not sure) OR where there is a passenger injury, is reportable to the NTSB. So when a landing gear collapses and the plane is severely damaged but no one dies, or when an airplane overruns the end of a runway and a passenger in a vehicle dies, the event is recorded as an 'accident' without significant loss of life. That's what helps achieve the 95.7%. The percentage that most people are concerned about however is the one where the airplane has left the ground and returns as an impact event, not a landing, and in those cases, fatalities are extreme. 3. While I believe the cockpit video is the right move, the fault for not having it isn't entirely with the FAA. Just ask any ALPA member what he or she thinks of cockpit video and you will likely get a vivid lesson in what airline pilots think of the FAA or NTSB watching them make mistakes. They are mortally opposed. 4 As for media coverage, yes, they have to find ways to fill the time to the next commercial and try to interest viewers enough to continue watching them after that commercial, but they certainly have no problem finding industry 'experts' who are eager to jump on the TV news set to proclaim their own theories, all so they can get more business for their own 'Safety Consulting' firms. I have had personal experience with a former airline pilot-turned 'consultant' who would spill any information he gleaned from an aircraft incident to willing reporters so he could ensure they would quote him in their articles. I blame both sides of the media for this--reporters and experts alike. All in all, very well done article Mr. McGee. Thank you.
I can't think of a lot of pilot errors that would take out a plane cruising at altitude. AND damaged planes have sucessfully landed on water before. Either way I would expect a mayday call.
All good Mr. Dan - except the Comet went down due to metal fatigue (too lightly built). Price paid for pioneering (and low thrust engines in those days). I've actually seen a 1a Comet fly. Majestic. Thx
Excellent, excellent expansion on points in the original article. I don't usually read the comments. In this case, I am very happy I did.
And Dan, the DC-10 engine and pylon falling off the wing on takeoff at Chicago was an incident in which both the pylon and engine separated from the wing when one of the brackets holding the assembly to the wing fractured after being damaged in part by improper reattachment of engine and pylon as a single unit rather than separately as designed. The bracket was initially damaged and the crack then propagated due to vibration and fatigue mechanisms. This was a human error incident and not a design problem. Similarly the cargo door failure was due to the latching mechanism being improperly operated by a ground crew member (he forced it - human error) exacerbated by a part that was not installed properly (human error).
Excellent reply Dan. re the cargo door, I was just watching some show on the discovery channel and they had that on a 747.
Thanks MS, DC-10 was a good plane, FAA grounding after the accident is what led to folks not wanting to fly in it. Which is understandable, maint. crews taking shortcuts not recommended or approved by McDonnell Douglas is what led to the problem with the pylons/mounting bracket.. McDonnell Douglas took a beating with it and eventually could not survive it and other set backs with its military projects.
MS & Dave - Valid points. I only included those two as examples of non-pilot-error crash causes caused by mechanical failure. One could argue that every mechanical failure is also ultimately a human failure, either due to bad design or improper MX/use. Fortunately, for every accident, we learn something to help prevent the next one. Stress factors on metals and materials can be fairly accurately determined and corrective actions taken. Stress factors on humans on the other hand, are a lot trickier. Two pieces of the same metal may react the same under the same stress, but two pilots don't. The DC10 was a pretty good airplane for its day. Definitely a gas-hog compared to current technology, but reasonably reliable until they started hitting high time. The DC10-30 was a great long-range plane with plenty of payload, but the -10 certainly had its limitations. Nowadays, three engines, three seats in the cockpit, and round dials have given way to two and two and chips. As grand as the '10 might have been, I'm very happy to fly in the Boeing 7's these days.
RoundUp--you are absolutely right about the Comet. I should have included that point. One technology--engine power and speed--got ahead of another technology--metal strength. The Comet was a very good lesson for aeronautical design. Much was learned.
Two Iranians with legal Iranian passports, board the flight with 2 stolen passports, one way tickets bought with cash, 5 passengers that did not board the flight, all these things should have been resolved before the flight ever left the ground.
It seems pilots never switch to their own air circulation after climbing 35,000 feet since the air is very thin on this level, it will cause zombie and falling asleep. This explains why there were no communication, phone calls for 7 hours, that's a long time. And the plane may have switch to self pilot then ran out gas.
Lesson: Do not board a plane that has people that work in defense nanotechnology! Especially if the Carlyle Group is involved. What could go wrong with a plane when the company owned by the Bush and Bin Laden families has their noble, truthful, hands all over it?
Lessen #9. Don't expect a third world country to seriously investigate a missing plane or crash from their national carrier. Playing dumb is the best way out.
The reason no 'black (orange) boxes' were recovered from the Twin Towers on 9/11 is because those were not airplanes that hit the towers, they were modified 'cruise missile-remote drone type military aircraft designed to simulate the larger commercial plane. Because of the pre-loaded thermite, the Bush/Cheny/Rummy/ MIC cabal needed a precise weapon, which the CIA or FBI provided. This operation not only allowed them to cover up the $2.3T (yes, TRILLION) dollars, Tax money surplus that Clinton got us to produce, stolen from the Iraq War Fund, plus another $2T from funding these juvenile delinquents stole by lying about a false 'Al Kaeda' terrorist threat that would raionalize another 10 years of war funding, to keep their freind's corrupt lifestyles in play. These guys need to die.
…tell it- no one likes to hear this one. You have a lot of courage, dude.
And what just happened came mighty close.
How much do you charge for an ounce of that great stuff you are smoking?
Tim Cook one day you will see the light, I have nothing against the idiotic comment you just made, it just shows your ignorance. What a shame. LOL
Okay, Dr. Moebius, what happened to all the passengers who boarded those flights? Or did they unwittingly board "modified cruise missile-remote drone type military aircraft" parked at the terminal at the appointed time?
I agree that deicing as a cause of TWA 800 was an absurdity, just like the fuel tank explosion.
I don't understand why the industry keeps relying on outdated technology such as radio frequency signal and radar detection, we have much better systems such as realtime GPS tracking technology, heck, I can track my phone from anywhere in the world with just a few clicks of a mouse and why are the pilots authorized to turn off transponders?
Transponders are sometimes turned off/standby at the request of ATC around busy airports because of all the clutter it generates on their radar screens. Also, if a box started emitting smoke/fire, I'd want the capability to remove power from it.
Had the body of a dead cheerleader been found in the trunk of some US Senator's car at the same time this airplane went missing we in the US would never have heard word one from the media about Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370.
Jet engines automatically transmit engine performance data to satellites, as jet engine manufacturers added this feature to better monitor and service their engines, and increase selling points of their engines. It will not be hard nor expensive to add the transmission of GPS data by the jet engines to the satellites, specially for flights over oceans, and wide mountain ranges.
the transponder should not be able to shut down during flight. i am sure the aircraft companies can come up with a system that can prevent anybody from shutting it down.
They have to have fuses or circuit breakers. Jon.
My opinion is that the lithium batteries in the cargo section exploded, caused a fire and an electrical failure. What they know is consistent with that, even the varied time of the communication connections. Dropping to 12000 feet is consistent if the oxygen providing masks were not working. Even if lithium batteries rarely explode, sometimes they do, and on board an airplane it is a disaster. Therefore if they are going to be in cargo they must be packed in an explosion/fire proof box, which, I am sure, they were not.
Excellent. Several layers above the ususual reporting IQ in the US. We still have educated people in the US who can clearly state the problem and provide possible solutions. Not like the nut jobs of Fox and their experts. Thanks!
Don't buy into this stuff people. The lies and misinformation REEK of a cover-up.
We STILL haven't heard the whole story here. 1. A mechanical malfunction doesn't reprogram the flight computer. 2 ANY indication of a malfunction that isn't a catastrophic explosion will result in a mayday, The pilot stated just before the plane changed course that "everything was OK". Not something I would say if the cockpit was filling with smoke. 3. Several Countries in this area obviously tracked the plane by radar, not all of them are friendly with the US, Malaysia, and Australia. 4. China has taken out a plane it wanted before.
this was a mass murder/suicide, I'm pretty sure
H, you are completely correct. We still haven't heard the whole story here. The rest is bull, in my opinion, and not at all necessarily true.
@H-man: I agree we haven't heard the whole story, probably never will. 1. A "mechanical malfunction" can cause almost anything, (Do you remember the DC-10 that crashed in Iowa? The blades off of the turbine engine cut the hydraulic lines to the elevators) not the least would be a serious glitch on the electrical system that would corrupt the program on the flight computer (digital computers are notoriously susceptible to translating power glitches into lost data bits.). 2. Pilot's are taught: Aviate, Navigate, Communicate. If there had been a mechanical malfunction, the pilots would likely have been completely absorbed in the Aviate, Navigate part and unwilling to waste effort on fancy, useless communication. 3. And they may have done what needed to be done without explaining to US TV News what or why. At a point several days ago they probably realized they could do nothing for the victims and explaining how would only expose their military capability. I'm not a psychologist, but it isn't obvious that it would be better to find out immediately that your family was dead than to have several days to gradually adjust to the probability before it was confirmed. 4. Was that China? The one I remember was a Soviet fighter over N. Korea.
Is "everything is OK" his usual response??????
The broadcast and collection of real-time flight data to a standardized network should have been mandated by law a long time ago. It's ridiculous to think that in 2014 a $200 cellphone can be found virtually anywhere on earth, but a $300 million jetliner can just vanish.
The lesson I have learned from this is to never get on another plane!
Questions: Did anyone receive a cell phone call or text message after MH370 took off? Are there cell phone towers in Malaysia? Do cell phones work directly with satellites? Have pertinent cell phone calls and text messages been solicited? Can cell phones be tracked and were any tracked? When the plane made a 90 degree turn wouldn't some people have been suspicious? Has the debris west of Australia been positively identified as being that of MH370? Did anyone sense danger before flying on MH370?
cels don't work with satellites. There is no coverage at all at 35000 feet, let alone over the South China Sea.
Three rumors floating around: 1. Pluto was #$%$ off by us not recognizing them as a planet a few years ago and has abducted the plane. 2. Russia has the plane hostage in the event of sanctions. 3. Bloomberg is behind the plane's disappearance. 4. the unions made the plane disappear 5. Governor Christie is hiding the plane as an escape route when he will be arrested and charged for the GW fiasco and 6. World leaders are playing an April Fool's joke on us - there was no plane. Ha ha funny.
I've said it before but it bears repeating - Many accidents have happened due to reasons that NO ONE thought of until AFTER the accident. That is why you don't speculate on the cause of a crash until you can get your hands on some hard evidence.
Why are the pilots even able to turn off their transponders? I cannot fathom why they need to have any manual control over their transponder being on or off. If it needs to be off during maintenance, or while on the ground, then there should be an EXTERNAL switch that they cannot access while in flight. With all of the technology available, once they set their codes, they should be locked for the duration of the flight.
The only good(?) reason I have seen is "Fire". If it overheats or shorts out you will need to be able to shut it down.
A fire suppression system would put out the fire.
You can't lock the codes, you have to be able to squak emergency or hijacking etc.
Reason 9 Anyone who listens to the American media in time of crisis knows that they will get the facts wrong, rush to judgment on anyone connected with the case and put ratings over substance. Of course there is no one to report this in the media because their are no repercussions for getting it wrong. How else could CNN and FOX news still be on the air? FOX news is still reporting it was terrorists. American media -Report what you believe not the facts! That's why we get our news from the Daily show. At least we can trust them.
As a representative of Malaysia Airlines, let me say how sorry we are. Here's a certificate for a free large pizza.
Everything I just heard pertains to finding a Jet That has went down. How about something that starts when there is an Erratic maneuver or change from flight plan? Just thinking maybe we can look for live people instead of waiting for something drastic. This plane continued for hrs. after contact WAS SHUT OFF! This still doesn't smell like an accident !
If it was a murder suicide by one of the pilot's (should we ever find out) then we need to have a sleeper pilot as a passenger on every flight along with the marshall.
In Lesson 2, the author suggests that survival rates for US flights would be impacted by the survival of all passengers on a flight landing in Toronto. But that was a flight from Paris to Toronto, not a US flight. It would have no impact on US survival statistics.
This plane did not have any catastrophic accident. The transponder was turned off two minutes after the last ground transmission, then it flew for another 7 hours, turning, changing altitude, there is no indication anything went wrong with the plane. Planes don't lose all forms of communication, transponder, and all forms of radio transmission, and keep flying for another 7 hours with 200 cell phones aboard and without figuring out how to make a distress call of some kind to someone. They don't accidentally lose cabin pressure and have no oxygen masks fall out. If the passengers were dead for most of the flight then they were killed by the pilots, either by slowly dropping the oxygen in cabin or something similar. We don't need any analysts to figure that stuff out.
“The FAA will never require anything that costs the industry money, unless the industry agrees. The industry might have some self-interest in new data technologies, but as always will try to find ways to zero-base those costs as much as possible. When it comes to safety vs. cost/benefit projections, the dollars always seem to win.” As Nicky Santoro lamented: Always the dollars. Always the #$%$' dollars.
Oh wow, they're already moving on explaining better strategies regarding airplanes even though no solid proof about the missing Malaysian airlines is available. You're being programmed as we type.
Actually this article just rehashes what has been talked about for many years in aviation. Nothing he wrote is new but far too many people haven't heard it because it never crossed their radar until now.
It's all part of preparation. Taking baby steps. Just watch how it will evolve.
How about taking the black box and surrounding it by something that floats? The technology is so advanced that this could be recorded on a super small chip. Then it could also continue to record information even After is was activated. Maybe a tennis ball type and sized object.Put a transmitter on it as well so it can be located.
After Korean flight 007 strayed into Russian airspace and was shot down some 15 years ago, GPS tracking of airliners was developed to eliminate such straying off course. The dissapearance of MH370 is absolutey crazy.
William J. McGee is an idiot.
As far as replacing the black box with a real-time download of the data, put the equipment on the plane where it can't be reached during flight and can't be disabled from inside the plane.
How does the author know that the focus on terrorism is terribly wrong?
Fugg this writer. The ONLY point of this article is try to get people thinking differently and divert attention away from the lies and "misinformation" that has been circling around. There are unanswered questions and I hope the families don't take it lying down.
Meanwhile, two airliners lost in the 1940s near Bermuda have never been found, and a third lost in 1947 near Santiago Chile was found in 1998. It's a big world, and stuff is extremely hard to find.
The number 1 lesson to learn is that when a plane goes into the ocean halfway to Antarctica, there are no quick answers forthcoming, no matter how much people simply demand to know immediately.
Doesn't stop the cable news networks from making things up and getting anyone who says they are an expert in the field, just look what transpired over the last two weeks.
I like the media claiming that Malaysian officials are inept when they were the ones spouting of about black holes and aliens...
It won't be long and we will fly them from the ground, just like we do with drones. Eliminates the pilots, and the threat of some terrorist taking things into his own hands, plus a few more seats. Sad for commercial pilots though.
Lesson #1: Don't believe anything the "authorities" tell you. Lesson #2: Don't believe anything the media tells you. Lesson #3 - #8: See lessons 1 and 2.
TWA Flight 800 was most likely a terrorist missile, and possible even a US Navy missile. More than 100 people saw a bright streak of light from the ground culminating into a fireball. The investigation into the cause never conclusively determined why the 747 blew up, even though a hole was punched into the left wing behind #2 engine. They blamed the wiring in the tank, but did not find anything wrong with the wiring. I was an aircraft mechanic at this time and performed inspections on many 747s after this accident. We didn't find anything wrong on the fleet. It was a political coverup, intended at the time to keep Americans complacent and in the dark. twa800 dot com is a good resource to learn about this tragedy.
The Navy missile seems most logical, that "static electricity" in the center tank "nonsense" just tells us what vivid imaginations these people have. Vaya con Dios!
Wait - wait - I can't find my tinfoil hat and decoder ring - so Pedrohanson's gibberish makes no sense.
PedroHanson, you are as about as close as they come without telling it. BRAVO.
Come on they are not going to tell the public the truth. We cant handle the truth. If it saves their "dollar" you are going to be lied to. Does not matter what the issue is. The world governments only release what they want you to hear. Seems to me that with todays technology they should have known the plane was off course immediately. If the government can track me from my cell phone then why is this such a mystery after the fact. Why does the media vomit so many accusations without any facts. I think it was the Geico pig that took it. ( Look i'm a news reporter now.)
You know, this whole event was a tragedy. People are screaming for answers and demanding answers which probably are not there. Who is to blame? How would we know? Things in this world are not perfect and for the average person, they would not wish this kind of disaster on anyone. I think the press needs to leave the people alone and let them grieve. As a retired mental health professional, when there is a tragedy of this type or any type, it is best to allow people time. Offer help and pull away and allow them to come to you once they know you are available. The press have become a group of hungry vultures who are more interested in getting ratings than to actually help resolve the hurt people are feeling. My heart goes out to the many hurting people of this tragedy and others.
Personally I am not "DEMANDING" answers but I sure as heck would like to know what happened so that it does not happen again.
The whole world would like to know what happened. The suspense is killing me.
Yes, to know what happened would be nice but not everything in life can be answered. They may never find the answers and it does not mean they didn't try. Most of the answers that will be given will be the best guess approach but we can never be certain with that approach. Lee, you may be demanding answers which you may never get. At least, not the full answers. No matter what they find out, it will not stop accidents, acts of terror, sabotage, etc from occurring. The victim's families need to process and need to be left alone, at least for awhile.
Most stated lessons are wrong and bogus. I am glad the writer of this piece is not working in aviation. 1. The possibility of terrorism is still in tact - no one can explain why the plane changed direction and went where it did. Why would it ever do such a thing? 777 is the BEST plane there is. 2. "There is a critical time window to find survivals"... I'll say.. I had no idea... 3.Ultimately the airline is in charge for its passengers and their well being, whether it's security, safety and all the rest of it. 4. blabla talk 5. Yes of course we still need those black boxes - what are you talking about?! 6. That's not a lesson learned - that's just philosophical #$%$. 7. You call that a lesson? Gees.... 8. Again, that's not a lesson.
How about the number one lesson to be learned here? Dont lose airplanes carrying over 200 people over Oceans. Have redundancies if beacons cant be tracked. 3 weeks now and still no eyes on anything!!
That woman needs to get educated. Having the capability to TURN OFF the transponder is essential. ATC's frequently ask pilots to turn them off.
Yes but perhaps some kind of alert should be sent if it is disabled in flight.
J.R. Please explain why ATC would ask pilots to turn off transponder vs squak different code. Thanx, Jon.
I know they turn them off on the ground not so much reason to do it in flight.
The government of Malaysia is 100% responsible for this accident. Remember it was stated the plane was picked up on 3 different Military radar sites as an unidentified object due to the Transpoder being shut off. Yet no attempt was made to send up 1 or 2 fighter planes to check out this unknown plane.
Lesson #2 means the writers of this article are very stupid. If a plane crashed at high altitude (or low even for that matter) in the middle of the Indian Ocean, 1500 miles away from land, EVERYONE IS DEAD. Stop talking about survivors, there are none and have NEVER been any.
You certainly forgot to add that the media shouldn't be allowed within a mile of the families waiting on news. I think its shameful seeing media showing video of families at the worst moment of their lives. We all know the families are grieving. They do not need to be shown on world wide TV. I'm ashamed of the media showing this.
Lesson #10: Turn off the news for several weeks after one of these events to avoid 24/7 theorizing about what happened when nobody knows.
I ignore the news anyway - all lies, sensationalism, or just wrong information. The comments are good entertainment :)
Lesson # 9 Stay away from Muslim countries & Malaysia airlines.
#2 Where did most of the crashes occur? On land? obviously not the bottom of the sea. That skews the statistics
After watching CNN news coverage for two weeks now on the missing plane. I'm now confident on myself to fly a Boeing air plane. What amazed me so much from this missing air plane is that it just took a pencil and a paper and the human brain power to locate this missing airplane. I guess the technology have not caught up with what the good old human brain power do.
I haven't learned #$%$ from this, except that humans aren't omnipotent, omniscient, or even consistent.
Lesson #9: No matter what technology you implement, someone can find a way around it, if they really want to. 50,000 people die on the highways every year in the US alone, and there doesn't seem to be any realistic way to stop it.
Lesson #1: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity). Lesson #2: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity). Lesson #3: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity). Lesson #4: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity). Lesson #5: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity). Lesson #6: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity). Lesson #7: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity). Lesson #8: Don't let Muslims on airplanes (in ANY capacity).
Note to self (black box is now orange) I will file that with blurry satellite picture of white blob in ocean.
In my opinion, they had a wealth of knowledge to begin an investigation but the investigators glossed over red flags. Let me pass on a few that should have been pursued immediately. 1. Highly flamable lithium batteries in the hold which have a history of causing transportation fires. 2. decent to 12,000 feet. This was a critical red flag that was not pursued. 3. No outside claims of responsibility. 4. Not one shred of evidence suggesting anything intentioanl from either the pilots or the passengers. 5. No passenger private communications. No communication from plane whatsoever. 6. Only communication was a passive hanshake tone to a sattelite, comimng from a device that was off, but ready. Early in the investigation, the signs all pointed to no sign of life. But the aircraft still in the air flying. The point is that even with mountains of evidence against certain theories, those theories nevertheless took on a life of their own, and were pursued in spite of the facts. Here are some of the questions that should have been asked. 1) The plane looked at times like there was a pilot in control like the drop to 12,000 feet. What would be a likely scenario where a pilot would drop to 12,000 feet, but not notify authorities if he was not suicidal and not terrorist? 2) Why would a pilot set an auto pilot to the middle of the Indian Ocaean to run out of fuel, if he was not suicidal and not terrorist, but normally would have the best interest of his passengers above everything else? 3. Why would the transponder and voice communicator (a) be turned off by the pilots? (b) be made inoperative some other way like explosion etc? 4) Under what circumstances would the pilot not call in a problem to ground control if he was not sucidal, not terrorist, and had the best interests of his passengers at heart? And the only way I can get good explainations for these questions is if the pilot discovered all passengers dead before he reported, then with all gone, he decided to end it all without a trace.
What lessons? Ask the Americans how to respond quickly to a disaster such as Hurricane Katrina...
Haha.....you are spot on! The high and mighty nation preaching to the others....
Lesson Learned: 1. News media is unreliable.
MA370 is not yet solved (by any stretch of the imagination). No parts from the plane have been recovered. This implies more search is needed and not just in the Indian Ocean. Did it land safely on the ocean and sink in one piece?
safety and well being of the passengers should be the airline companies #1 priority, the manner in which this tragedy was handled just boggles my mind and from all the reports I have read thus far it leads me to believe that the so called experts where baffled also, yet during all this the family members of the passengers were in limbo not knowing anything except speculation, very sad and not a very good business practice for the airlines! I hope that the biggest lesson learned will be not to ever allow this scenario to occur again.
No physical evidence and yet A conclusion...
The lack of real-time constant updating of the aircraft position and condition is absurd. I can get wifi but it's too expensive to send back a stream of data? #$%$. We said the same thing after the Air France disaster and the technology has only become cheaper. This was not unforeseeable and it won't be the last time. Jets may be 10 times safer than they were 30 years ago, but eventually their will be 10 times as many in the air.
The lesson is here today,then gone forever a few hours from now. So if you wanna do something then you'd better do it.You may not arrive at your intended destination but diverted elsewhere abruptly without warning.Just like these folk.
The sad part is that passengers at the ticket counter checking in though they were going one place , yet the final outcome was actually to the bottom of the Indian Ocean.That's like super crazy man.
I think the media and airlines need to talk more about how to prevent this type of tragedy in the future. I know all the talk is about finding boxes but that wont bring the people back.
What this lady says about monitoring everything that is in the air is already exits and has existed for many years. It is at Scott Air Force Base outside of Lebanon, IL. They monitor everything that flies, everywhere in the world 24/7. Google it.
This article was just a re-hash of theories that have coalesced into the Indian ocean crash, and without any physical evidence. The biggest fear would be if this plane is found somewhere months or a few years later in one piece.. The information we get from our own government is often "re-framed" for public consumption, or deliberate in miss-information and other governments are no different in telling some version of the truth or outright lies.
Do you think the plane is intact? There's no debris or evidence of a crash. How can a huge plane go down into the ocean without the wings being clip off by the impact?
I haven't seen proof of anything. Something is very fishy, no bodies, no debris, just a lot of conversation.
Lessons 1-8) There are so many inconsistencies with every story since this happened that you shouldn't believe anything until the plane re-appears, which it will.
There news today is sensationalism rather than journalism. If they don't have the facts, they make up something.
Lesson #1: Once you learn about something like this, turn off all news sources for two weeks so you don't have to listen to 24/7 'coverage' that's all just nonsense and sensationalism. If there's any breaking news in the meantime, you'll hear about it from family, coworkers, friends, etc.
Lesson 1 - Do NOT fly Malaysia Airlines. Lessons 2 thru 8 - see lesson #1.
Are we seriously "looking back on what we learned" when the situation is still ongoing? Unless they've found the wreckage, the victims, the black boxes and I accidentally missed that article...
As a former FAA employee, I take the advice of my then superiors: Avoid flying, drive to your destinations when possible. Although allowed to fly and rent a rental car at your destination, they especially encourged FAA related business trips with extended paid time off to drive, auto allowance for fuel & maintenance and a per diem allowance to enable stays at 4 star resorts on the way. But they would never explain the reasoning behind this.
Another sign that the terrorists really did win. They wanted to change our whole way of life, and that's exactly what happened. You can't take a flight to anywhere without being treated like a terrorist. There are so many planes in the air at the same time, it is impossible to keep track of them all. So, the ones that are deemed suspicous get priority over the ones that might be in trouble.
Lesson 1: Asian countries suck at tracking airtraffic Lesson 2: Asian countries lie trying to cover up their errors.
Lesson#9, Do not head towards Military Base in the ocean with communication systems shut off. We are in the picture at site with equipment and precisely black box will be found with dead battery if at all after tampered one.... Considering the pilots involved and two stolen passport holder it is a good theory...
The battery only operates the locator pinger. Air France 447's black box wasn't located for 2 years. The data are still recoverable. Wow.
The main lesson is that it is hard to trust anyone, especially your government and the media. We all argue based on the same information we are fed with. I am sure there are ones who laugh at us. I would like to know who they are who call me them.
Maybe isolate the cockpit and have a separate outside entrance for pilots. Have a bathroom, bunks, dorm fridge and microwave. It might deter terrorists if there was no way to get to the cockpit.
Lesson # 10: Should have stayed home anyways.
Just how hard is it for us to realize that we just don't know?
Science Denier Conspiracy Theorist Mingle to be held here today.
If I'm not mistaken, magician David Copperfield owns a private island AND makes planes disappear. o.0
I wish he would make the Republican party disappear.
I wish he would make BOTH parties disappear, AND make some honest politicians appear. That is asking to much, isn't it?
David: I do understand your viewpoint. And I do agree with you. Because both parties are taking the American voters (or non-voters) for granted, and doing whatever they want. However, the Republican party is far worse than the Democratic party. I do share your viewpoint, and would love to see some honest politicians. Unfortunately, to answer your question, I would have to say that is asking for too much. I have been involved with the political process here in Chicago. I had an uncle who was a big time politician here, before retiring, and I helped him. And unfortunately, politics is no easy game. It is not an honest game, and because I was too honest, I could never be a politician. The only way for us to get honest politicians, is to find capable, honest, and people with good character, and integrity, and put them into office. How do we do that??? That is the million dollar question. I do have ideas, but, that would be an issue where the masses of the population would have to do something about.
Biggest lesson is not to believe propaganda reporting.
The first moral is: DON'T FLY IN OR OUT OF MALAYSIA OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY WITH OPPRESSIVE REGIMES IN CONTROL !! THE IS NO RESPECT FOR LIFE.....ONLY PRIDE, HONOR, SAVING FACE, AND KEEPING POWER !
You bet. Never have airplane incidents in the U.S., France, Britain, Australia, yada, yada, yada. You nailed it.
Commercial aircraft must be fitted with satellite communications that track the flight the entire time it is in the air. Would switch to "idle" when on the ground.
The public is hungry for info on air accidents for many reasons. The media is eager to feed it. This article, however, gets to the core of this and other similar tragedies: what can we do to ensure safer air travel. We need some activists bringing pressure to the industry. Alas, this is an even tougher fight than gun control.
When investigators need 2 weeks to figure out, they could calculate the position of the plane with the 200 year old well known formula of the Austrian Doppler, there is something wrong with the investigation.
They are calculating as we speak.
The main lesson from this tragedy: Do NOT watch cable TV news, because they will turn the most unusual, bizarre tragic mystery into a festival of ratings-hunting with boring, absurd, baseless speculation and endless repetition of ghoulish headlines and teasers. 300 people missing and feared dead, and all it comes down to is advertising dollars.
You hit the nail on the head. And yet they put such exhaustive efforts into swindling us into thinking that is all out of out of some sense of compassion.
Hijacking can only be solve if Commercial Airlines can Transmit Distress signal to the nearest airport or military base even if the transponder of the plane is turned off! by this,,,it could save the plane and the passengers there's no need for expensive boxes that do nothing!
they don't have to work for three weeks get free lodging food etc. what else ? news to everyone has to be verified. these chinese are pressuring Malaysia Why ?$$$$$$. tHATS ALL THE DRAMA IS ABOUT.. they cannot put in their greedy heads why it's taken time for the British French and Australians have to study the images These people worked for 24 hours per day to figure out the area. Malaysia don't have the technology the chinese do why don't they speed up getting the images. Imagine now demanding from Malaysia. It's not only them who lost families and sleepless nights. They would be the last ones risking their lives.to help. SHUT UP go figure .!
Still really confused by the fact that flight made a left hand turn off its flight plan with transponder off as it flew back over Malaysia as an “unknown” and should have been identified. Still too many questions unanswered.
Which way to Beijing? How far off course trajectory was the plane when the beeps were recovered? Perhaps it is time to consider another possibility, namely Pilot Intent arising from Pilots Arguing, Fighting or even Shooting each other. This is so bad that technospeak excuses make it even worse. May the departed rest in peace and may their families find solace.
11) Curve irresponsible media coverage that does nothing but hinder the investigation.
Lesson No. 9: If you are going to fly out of an airport, it is probably not a good idea to pick the city that hosted Al Qaeda to plan 9/11 & the U.S.S. Cole bombing. You might find yourself being flown to a Pakistani hangar while the world searches for you in the middle of the ocean based on modern ping math from British "scientists" .
This is total Monday morning quarterbacking. No one had any idea it'd take this long to find the wreckage. In the first few days every one expected it to be found any hour now. As far as black boxes, radar, and unswitchable transponders, how many times has this actually happened in the last 50 years?
One positive! After nearly three weeks of watching CNN 24/7 reporting on F#370 with flight simulators, experts in every field, I am now certified to fly a 777 jetliner, a certified oceanographer, weather forecaster and an expert on Indian ocean currents.
GE, no doubt you will be called upon for your expert opinion next time a tragedy such as this occurs.
Lesson 10: we learn CNN is the most inept, incompetent, unprofessional News Media with their 24/7 endless speculation, guesses, illogical theories, experts, etc, reporting on F#370 with breaking "Non-News" stories, all the while ignoring the mudslide disaster in Washington (24 dead100+missing) and other major stories.
Lesson 1: Don't fly Malaysian Airlines! Doesn't check for stolen passports and ships dangerous cargo in passenger jets!
This was a ridiculous article that said very little. Most of the points were not lessons learned. The author, William J. McGee, is hypThis was a ridiculous article that said very little. Most of the points were not lessons learned but his naive option. Lesson 1 No one's primary focus was on terrorism Lesson 2 It is obvious a time urgency - obvious point and well understood Lesson 3 Who's in charge- well it is obvious who (country, company) is in charge until the US inserts themselves into the situation. I suppose Mr McGee is proposing some incompetent World wide accident agency that will over control all accidents. Lesson 4 Addressing respect to next of kin: While there is varying degrees of response for providing information, all airlines do their best in the chaos. Lawyers like to make a lot of money using the grieving relatives. Lesson 5 Blackboxes provide all the information in all but a very small percent of crashes. There is always room for development - no new information Lesson 6 Really redundant to Lesson 5 Lesson 7 High altitudes require wider search patterns - duh redundant to Lesson 5 and 6 Lesson 8 Too many experts - actually hypocritical to Lesson 1. While criticizing experts Mr McGee portrays himself to be an expert with this immature article.
Wow, Bruce, talk about naïve opinions and "so called experts". You certainly qualify
Numer 9: have all commercial airplanes stream live data at all times they are occupied by humans. If the NSA can record every phone call in the world, we can record the jet aircraft data.
ok your ticket price just went up, someone needs to pay for all those transmition and data beaming back and forth. Surely the airline isn't going to have that cut into their profit, so travelling now just got more expensive
plus you must weight, is it worthy cause to do so , statisically speaking , what are the probability of a plane going down vs cost of how much this constant live data at all times on every plane in the air will cost
Evermore, expense is not the point. The point is that we, as individuals, expect folks, country, military, to intervene should something out of the ordinary occur. As for "ticket prices", I seriously doubt that the ticket prices would be affected enough so that folks would notice. Of course, this doesn't even take into consideration the amount of money that people pay, over and above the airline ticket, for "travel Insurance". That right there tells me that cost would not be a factor. US Citizens already pay taxes for governmental protection on the National, State, County, and City levels. I see no reason why some of these taxes cannot be utilized to subsidize our safety in the air.
With about 40,000 actively registered commercial aircraft in the world and assuming about 40% (16,000) maximum active at any time and only position, heading, altitude and air speed data transmitted (taking about 12 seconds per aircraft) and assuming you wanted a report every 15 minutes on each aircraft, you'd need about 215 dedicated frequencies (16,000*12/9000 = 213.33). Hourly reports would drop that count to about 55; a report every 5 minutes would raise it to almost 650.
Air traffic control doesn't have near the budget of NSA.
Can you program a flight computer to fly 7 hours below radar to avoid being seen ? If not someone was still flying that plane.
You know...they keep saying that the "black box" will work for up to 30 days after an incident...but how often are the batteries changed for new ones? How long is the "life span" of a "black box"? How is it that it is able to last 30 days past an incident.....can anyone explain?
It's good to know the US is not the only country being run by inept idiots.
Obviously any country not being run by you would be run by inept idiots. We need you to rule the world and save us. Please take action.
#10., All planes should carry greasy politicians. When all else fails, the persistent oil slick can be used to locate the aircraft.
There's enough to go around where every carrier foreign and domestic could have a least one on board at all times.
The only glitch is that too many people will be secretly hoping that all planes go down until every politician becomes an "oil spill".
Plane is still not found, debris not found. They know EXACTLY where this plane is, and went, but are not saying it. They just want story closed. You cannot honestly believe that in todays world they are unable to locate where a 777 went?
If the Malaysian government had come forward with everything they knew about the planes disappearance in the beginning the plane would probably have been found by now.
There should be a relatively easy way to tell for sure or not this flight was hijacked or if the 'rogue pilot' theory is true or not. If this flight offers in flight WIFI or air phones, then surely someone should have called, text or emailed people as to questionable incidents. This most likely is a 'rogue pilot' with a death wish. They should be questioning the pilots wife.
Out of all of the reasons they gave, they missed the most important one: Stop with the 24 hour speculation, er, I mean "news coverage" that consists of nothing but wild guesses of what may have happened. Another great lesson is stop feeding uneducated information like "turning off the transponder makes the plane disappear from the radar", because it doesn't. It just reduces the identifying data that accompanies the radar hit of the aircraft.
Given the valid assumption that survival of the first impact of a crash is critical in survival, why not follow the lead of the US military passenger transport and face the seats backward so the passengers are thrown back into their seat rather than into the seat in front of them? The same point could be made for busses as well.
Just keep the pilot facing forward!!
If u sit backwards maybe instead of winding up in Chicago I'll wind up in Hawaii.
I agree, and everyone should have 3 point seatbelts, not just First Class.
Well, if something nefarious has happened they probably needed time to salt the waters with some debris, making it look like they found actual wreckage. There is no telling what political factors are at play here.
The debris is there. That spot is a notorious collecting point for everything from the S.S. Minnow to Amelia Earhart's plane.
And with today's anythings possible technology what is needed is a gps tracking system that cannot be turned off, so that a planes location can be determined at ALL times.
Unfortunately, on this particular airline that most likely plunged deep into the ocean - no one got out alive!
It did not say, Malaysian Airlines' motto of Reaching over a million destinations was proved right.
As far as news was concerned, I only listened long enough to see if the plane had been found. News outlets are pure BS in these situations. The talking head asks a question of an expert who gets about three words out before being interrupted and another question asked.
I'm with you. I did not watch one single minute of television news about this. When I read something, at least I am free to bypass the BS, which in this case left only two or three words I had to read in every article.
After every idea about the missing plane and what happened to me it looks like a murder/suicide. I would check everyone insurance policies. B. Benson
Lesson No. 9: Larry King was right when he said CNN should just play SpongeBob Cartoons.
Since there are no signs of debris anywhere for all we know the airplane landed under radar in some nearby makeshift "secret" airfield in some remote hanger with the passengers all locked up by terrorists! =
It's a shame that if anyone could have gotten out of the plane and made it to a life raft, it would be very difficult for them to have survived more than 2 weeks.
Strange that no one has blamed global warming for the disappearance.
If technologically possible, how about "cloud" based black boxes? Just about everything else to heading to cloud based storage, maybe black box information should too. No more worries about lost boxes.
Would require additional satellites to handle all the data, even when compressed, it will be huge for the fleets of aircraft all over the world. These types of aircraft events are not very common but when they do happen there is a need to know why.
Lesson 9: Don't jump to conclusions.
"Fueled wild speculation and conspiracy theories that included alien abduction and a portal to heaven." The portal to heaven was a joke in a satirical online article. This guy is just another pseudo-expert, who couldn't succeed in the real world.
Lesson 9, Never count on a country such as Malaysia, whose Heads are so far up their #$%$, to head a search and rescue operation.
This is one of the best, and most informative, articles about this disaster I've seen since it occurred. My heart goes out to the families of the crew and passengers of this airline flight.
Lesson No. 9: Anything is possible.
This plane flew for hours on autopilot after the pilots were dead from lack of oxygen. Some kind of failure. The golfing pro Payne Stewart met a similar fate, in a leer jet that flew on for hours with everyone onboard dead, including the pilots.
I feel like the only lesson is to make it so that transponders can't be turned off and that there are fail-safes for transponders. All the above lessons seem obvious, stupid or not practical. For instance, lesson number 5 might be the dumbest of them all...We don't need black boxes because they are not technically black boxes and are not always found???
Jeffrey You are heads up! The transponders being turned off should not be an option for the crew. I believe all the 9-11 planes had the transponders turned off. I think there is something very wrong with this industry that 12 and a half years later this issue remains unaddressed. Also back channel communication for the flight crew should be a possibility. Even a silent Mayday signaling the location of the flight would have helped here and on 9-11.
8 lessons that will be forgotten the next time a tragedy occurs.
The main the culprit is misreporting/false reporting by the media . Reporting speculating rumors as the truth, starting rumors, blaming any body they can, throwing suspicion on others, and even calling orange boxes black. The media started calling orange boxes black years ago and now continues doing it to keep from admitting their mistake for years. The media has ruined their own credibility for years and people now accept it as normal stuff. They have also ruined people lives by harping on mistakes they made many years ago. The media should start policing their own ranks.
They said they had evidence, how come I havn't seen anything yet! Not 1 piece to prove where the plane went down. Pallets', Ha, anyone in the I.O. knows that is a waste.
Lesson 1. Don't Fly Malaysia Airlines. Lesson 2-8. See Lesson 1
Lesson 9 Don't say something if it isn't based in fact. Lesson 10: Don't open your mouth if you have nothing to say Lesson 11: Don't fly with Asian flight crews (Asiana crashes in perfect weather at San Francisco).
Here is another deadly item that no one seems to be able to control: installation or cargo of the type of batteries that are very inclined to get on fire under flying conditions; this was reported on CNN. Also on CNN a pilot said that they only get to know about this risk about fifteen minutes before a take-off. And it’s beyond all their control to fly with that danger on board. Who the hell makes this decision? And can it be avoided not to put a lot of human lives at a tremendous risk?
ugh. Would you get off the batteries? They had nothing to do with this. The plane flew for 8 hours after the transponders were turned off. Planes are big containers of flammable material. No fire would burn for 8 hours on a plane. Not a single one.
Goodness, the 777 has been in service since 1995, without any sort of battery incident. Hundreds of thousands of hours, safely. A pilot certainly knows about any hazardous cargo that may the aircraft may be carrying long before 15 minutes before take off and if there is any doubt in his or her mind about the safety of the cargo, he or she can have it removed or refuse to fly in an unsafe aircraft. The Captain has the final say concerning whether or not the aircraft will fly, your information is just wrong, like most the stuff spewed out on CNN.
Wow... 'Looks like the guys at Yahoo! News got together and did some brainstorming. I wonder if they ordered some pizza while they assembled this brilliant news report?
Lesson #1 should be "Do not fly." If you break Lesson #1, then Lesson #2, If you see a Muslim or Arab get inn the plane, get off the plane and demand your money back. It is called racial profiling and you can learn it and use it wherever you go,
Do you all know that pilots have the capability to decompress the airplane by flipping a switch in the cockpit?
It should be impossible for a pilot to turn off a transponder on a commercial airline flight. It should be required by law to remain on
This article is WAY too logical. "Lessons learned" require thoughtful, informed, engaged, and open minds. The media and the public don't seem to demonstrate those qualities in sufficient amounts.
Lesson #9: Not everyone that declares himself an "expert" should be treated as if they are speaking the irrefutable truth. Where are these "experts" now, who said the devices were deliberately switched off by "malicious" and "sinister" human action? Lesson #10: When it comes to reporting the facts, it is better to be RIGHT than FIRST. No, strike that. That lesson has not yet been learned by the media.
Mr. McGee, thank you for the very enlightening article. Very informational; I learned a lot. Best article I've read regarding this unfortunate event. I pray that the affected families gain some closure soon.
In the end, it was a gateway to heaven, but apparently only to those of the "right" religion, whatever that is. RIP.
Lesson#5://"And in the case of the two aircraft that hit the World Trade Center on 9/11, the recorders were not recovered from either plane."// To find what? That were missiles and the whole 9/11 was a controlled demolition. A government inside job Why the government doe snot release the confiscated tapes - at least the ones showing the Pentagon hit? How come in Penn there was a very small hole in the ground and no plane fragments. Author: You just lost your credibility. If you think I believe in conspiracies then I don't want to believe your lies.
I'm with Brent - the "Backup" transponders in Commercial Aircraft SHOULD NOT be connected through an easily-reached "power-off" switch. I can imagine a need to turn off the "Primary" if it fails in some way, but the backup should never be under the control of terrorists or insane pilots who want to hide the aircraft from ground and satellite tracking. 3 out of 4 planes in 9/11 hijackings turned both of transponders off. Some Malaysia 370 "person in the cockpit" turned their transponders off. There is NEVER a good reason to even have this capability. If the backup is somehow "failed", then treat the entire airplane as "incapable of flight" until fixed.
lessons? theres nothing the modern world is going to learn. The modern world will continue to do the same business as it has for the last century, robbing people blind. Do not be fooled into thinking otherwise. Don't know about you but im not convinced the plane crashed yet.
8 lessons? There are probably about 100...
i love how these people who know NOTHING about airlines have lined up the lessons we need to learn, even though we have NO IDEA what even happened yet.
I have no idea in this day and age why there aren't near real time data feeds from flights to satellites for recording data and information. The black box needs to stay... but this day and age we should be able to track more real-time information so we can respond better in an emergency.
This type of aircraft event is not common, not worth the expense of the network of satellites needed to handle the huge data, even if compressed.
@James sorry but i disagree. A stat message of 400 bytes sent once a minute for 18hrs of the day flight time would only be 0.5mb of information. This is about the same sent during a single 10 minute online Call of Duty video game... If we extrapolated to all flights across the world in a day. We would need only anywhere from 4gb to upwards of 8gb storage and anything older than say 30 days could be purged... So a 500gb raided hard drive with simple computer programming could easily help us modernize aviation and is worth having for only one accident, let alone 1 or 2 accidents every few years.
9. Avoid flying at all costs. It is hazardous to your health and you may lose your life.
Lesson #9 If it has been over 2 weeks and no one has seen or heard from the plane, your friends or loved ones are dead. Start a celebration of their lives and move on with your own. It is not the governments fault and you don't deserve a wheelbarrow full of cash for your "anguish". Sorry.....
Seems to me that there is an open invitation for someone, or some firm, to manufacture a device that FLOATS, and sends out signals, whenever an aircraft lands or crashes into water, especially into oceans, rather than having the signaling device sinking to the bottom of the ocean, with the plane. Maybe it would be ideal to have such a device float, while somehow still attached to the plane, via. a tether cord that reels out to an ocean depth of at least the maximum depth of ocean at deepest points. Wouldn't that be better than long difficult searching for remains of plane floating all over the place, if at all, trying to trace path of such items, to locate the downed plane?
Great concept I'm gonna get right on that. This goes to show how far we are behind the times in technology.
Seems like it would more sense to focus your efforts to keep the planes from crashing in the first place...
I can't imagine a plane carrying a thick unbreakable tether that's 6.831 mi (36,069 ± 131 ft) long [maximum depth of the ocean). What's needed is simply better telemetry of flight data to satellites with a constant GPS record. One could still have a flotation device with flight and voice data (probably encased in thick styrofoam) that would be jettisoned when the plane either lost altitude or airspeed dramatically. That instrument would carry last GPS position (and thus crash position) and be locatable by radio beacon. Even if it floated away if would contain the flight/voice data - including crash position- and be recoverable. I'm surprised that the author hasn't mentioned better passport control at check-in / immigration.
They exist for ships. They are called "Emergency Position Indicating Beacons" (EPIRBs) and have been around for decades. They activate by coming in contact with salt water. Often one or two are mounted high on a ship in special brackets so if it sinks quickly they will pop loose and start transmitting. They identify the vessel and its GPS coordinates via satellite (inmarsat no less!) with one of several emergency centers world-wide. The EPIRBs float, of course, have a flashing light and transmit a VHF beacon signal rescue craft can home in on. They are small and lightweight, included in life boats and other small craft for emergencies. The issue is how to carry and deploy one reliably from an aircraft.
That makes more sense EasyWriter, tested at extreme pressure. The Indian Ocean is crazy deep so having a tether would be nice, but it would have to be made of a Light weight Heavy duty material, like a Nano Rope that is made out of Kevlar based material.
Also prevent the pilots' ability to disable communication devices/transponders during flight.
Why not start hiring people to sit on the plane with a flare gun and pre-inflated life raft so they can jump off and start firing flares. Finds planes faster and provides badly needed jobs.
You've been watching a lot of movies. In real life these things don't happen in slow motion. Stuff ripping apart at 30k feet at 450mph is not the same as how Hollywood portrays it. No one survives plane crashes...
The dynamic forces involved in a crash are so tremendous when hitting the water at anything above 400 knots that any "locator box" would be lucky to remain intact, let alone attached to any cable, which, itself would be so heavy to reach a depth of over 30,000 feet (thats around five-and-one-half miles) that the probability is that airline fares would have to increase $200.00 or so just to cover the price of a cable of the strength, quality and weight necessary to do the job over desolate, remote and DEEP places such as where this plane went down. And that's without mentioning the enormous cost of the "Box" itself. Please excuse me, Jack, for saying it this way, but this is just the kind of idea that comes of way too much information being given out by far too ignorant news services, to decidedly under educated people (about vastly technical issues) like you and me, etc, that causes all kinds of assinine ideas to be proposed by the "talking-heads" and bodies we call news reporters, who stimulate us idiots out here to further "muddy the waters" this article talks about, thus making it harder for the real experts to be heard above the vocal clattering and banging of a general public that seldom knows it's butt from a hold in the ground about the topic under discussion, but still has to chime in loudly, therefore proving the truth of the ancient addage: "This knowledge is too dangerous to be told to the general population." And, in the instance, we, the general population of the world, have proven again the truth of that old saying.
@Scooping Poop...Jack may be watching a lot of movies, but you're not even reading the article. "No one survives plane crashes..."? Please take a look at "Lesson 2" where the author cites the NTSB data that between '83 and '00, 95.7% of the occupants of plane crashes actually survived. That hardly qualifies as "nobody."
Dave200042- I couldn't agree more. To all you arm chair aviation "experts", do you really think you're coming up with some great ideas that no one within the aerospace industry has ever thought of? If the transponder can be manually turned off THEN THEIR IS A REASON WHY IT CAN BE TURNED OFF. Most importantly, during an electrical fire pilots need to be able to control the flow of electricity within their aircraft. You see, you may not know how amps, ohms and volts work but those within the aerospace community do. These people made flight the safest form of transportation. They built triple redundant systems (backups for your backups) into all aircraft. So to even think that you can instruct them on how to do their job is truly comical. It's on par with thinking that a little league qb can give pointers to Tom Brady. So why don't you guys just allow the experts to do their work?
Jack- The only "tether" that would survive a high impact event is a steel wire. The Marianas Trench is the deepest part of the world's oceans at 6.85 miles. So in your scenario planes would have to somehow fit 6.85 miles of steel wire. That's at least 25,000+ lbs of added weight, which means more fuel costs and longer runways. This in turn makes flight more expensive for passengers. Not only that, but you pretty much ensured that everyone would die in a high impact airplane crash. I mean steel wire and human flesh, that will not end well. Lastly, the ironic part is that an impact between the data recorders and the steel wire, might actually destroy the data recorders. These are the very objects that in your scenario you're trying to protect.
World leaders know exactly what happened to the airplane. We're just not allowed to know.
Lesson No. 9.. There's always another lesson to be learned. Lesson No.10.. Don't overlook any Lesson, Lesson No. 11 Add new preventions such as putting dye packs on all airplanes flying over large bodies of water. Lesson No. 12.. don't throw our flight recorders until new technologies are cost affective as old. Data recorder recovery vital link to details of flight. And Lesson No. 13..Don't sit on the 12 Lessons.. Implement safeguards.
1st of all we really haven't yet found the plane. This is silly to me me, we go from one thing to another then say we found the plane when it hasn't been found. Lets make sure we find the whole plane and put the pieces together.
#9: Stop the press from providing judgements! In the last two weeks or so, I have seen almost all analysts on CNN telling this is more of sabotage than mechanical error. Without credible evidence it is bad to come to a conclusion that it was pilots' error/involvement in the disappearance!
Lesson 0: Stop focussing on the families. Focus on the people at risk. The passengers. And if this had been a hijacking - all of us on the ground and in high buildings. Dont put lawyers on the air.
To fly from point where contact first lost , to the place on the pings satellite arc in the Indian ocean, it takes much more then one hour to reach. So why the satellite was not able to catch the plane ping during this time? Because the plane may be was on the land at least for one hour somewhere on the North.
Hold On. May be this plane landed somewhere when it was flying to the North. All passengers moved out of the plane, and after that the plane by autopilot was flying to the South to the Indian ocean, until it was out of gas and crashed. This scenario is absolutely possible. We will see if anybody will be found in the plane fuselage derbies.
Execute anyone on live Al Jazeera TV who gets caught trying to board an aircraft with a fake passport.
SOMEONE TURNED DUH PLANE DUH WRONG WAY,IT MADE TWO LEFTS,I'M KINDA TIRED OF ONE GUY DRAWING CIRCLES, THIS GUY IS DANGEROUS, COULD COST A LOT OF COUNTRY'S MUCHO MONIES, LETS SEND CNN DUH BILL
The media will say anything to keep their ratings up. Most is only 1/2 truths or NO TRUTH at all. Lawyers.Politicians and News Media have all but destroyed this country....
It appears as if Lesson 1 and Lesson 7 are relevant. So 54% of the pilot errors, would have occurred during decent approach and landing. Then the 9% occurrence, of sabotage and hijacking, during the cruise phase, is the most logical reason to conclude.
Lesson 1 learned, Don't fly Asian Airlines (except Japanese airlines, they are the only civilized airlines in Asian). I rarely flew Asian Airlines. Plus, asian country don't treat life seriously. They have tons of lies to feed the media, never give truth! Lesson 2 learned, always stay away from muslim country.
1. The media is shameless 2. The media ignore what they want to and direct people to what they want to 3. The media is all about making money or obtaining power: for themselves, or someone they depend on for their existence 4. The media can drag a lifeless corpse around for weeks before they tire of it 5. The media is no longer valuable as a source of important information 6. The media can make stories about stories about stories 7. The media doesn't care about the story: just the reaction 8. The media tries to tell us what we can learn while relying on our continued ignorance
9. Jo1 still bothers to read and post on Yahoo! 10. Jo1 comments on Yahoo! 11. Yahoo! continues to earn ad revenue from Jo1's "hits" and "comments" in it's articles 12. Thank You Jo1
Lesson #1 - Asian countries other than Japan and China are terribly lax on security and even China could care LESS who you are or how fake your passport is if you're just changing planes and not staying in China. MH370 proved that persons with stolen Passports/faked identities move around Asia daily and do so EASILY. Lesson #2 - Air carriers in those same S and SE Asian countries slack on maintenance and pilot certification and re-certification. We may never really know what happened to MH370 and how the F it ended up so far off course and (probably) crashed in a really BAD part of the South Indian Ocean, but one of two things are true - either things on that plane were so F ed up, mechanically and technically, that the pilots could not call in, SOS, etc, or they clearly didn't want to. Either is seriously troubling.
Racist much, Jon? I have one good "lesson" for people like you - stay in your F bedroom community , wherever you belong to. And stay out of Asia ( and from Detroit for that matter) . The world does need losers like you. So much for security within USA. Lesson #2 for you ( this is actually a fact) - The per capita income of Asians in USA is highest of any ethnic groups, including whiteys.
F you Bill - you're a race-pandering hater, who pounces on any statement about other countries and screams "Racist". You're a pathetic tool, and you can only do your Troll act behind the anonymity of a Yahoo ID. I never worry about meeting people like you face to face, because I know you're cowards who understand how you will get the shiat beat out of you if you talk to people like you do, face to face. Have a nice life, jerking your pud to Internet porn all day with short breaks to Troll on message threads.
How MUCH less could they care? The correct term is "could NOT care less. " It is better to be thought a fool than to speak up and remove all doubt".
Judy = Grammar Troll. Why don't you go drink your own urine for a while?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, ease up on Jon...and Jon, stop over-reacting. Jeez. Your point is valid, though. I've travelled in the so-called 3rd world a lot and security and maintenance is NOT up to the standards we've come to expect (and complain about) in the western world...even in the wealthier countries in the 3rd world. Jon is right, and his pointing that out, "Bill Gates," is not an example of racism.
Jon, got you - people like you the are the reason porn sites exist. Now, get back to your momma's basement,
@Variable - BG is a freak and a racist. Don't feed the trolls, please.
@Jon...in his original post on this topic, he appears to be neither.
Lesson #9 ... If the plane in the accident originated from your country, don't lie to the grieved family members trying to find out what happened to their loved ones.
Bill, Excellent article, and spoken with an aircraft dispatcher's first-hand experience... Cheers from KDALDDWN.. Mike squared..
Just to keep air safety in perspective, More people are killed in the New England states by hitting Moose, Deer, and such every year than died in this crash. We don't need to raise airfare prices to install additional stuff to find dead people under water. Sometimes stuff happens. Sometimes you never know why. This is probably one of those times..... Turn off the TV. Call the boss, tell him your coming into work tomorrow...
The transponder was turned off. The plane made a smooth, computer-controlled 180 degree turn, possibly pre-programmed, requiring access and detailed knowledge of the imput system, including possible passwords. Would some meteorite "know" how to do this? The plane continued in the air for thousands of miles. Terrorism, whether involving complicit pilots alone or in concert with passengers allowed access to the cockpit, whether in a 911 manner or otherwise, or passengers alone, is the overwhelming probable cause of this tragedy. Malaysia is a Muslim-dominated country. Muslims, or as more acceptedly stated, "fundamental" Muslims, have the capacity to follow the dictates of their military handbook religiously and become uttterly dispassionte mass killers. They are profoundly dangerous. "Death" is their middle name, their ultimate goal in life. That this aircraft had echoed within it a cry of "Allah Akbar" as it ran out of fuel going nowhere is highly probable ... almost a certainty. While the religion of the pilots has not been divulged, that is no reason for everyone to act like imbeciles. Put two and two together people.
We haven't learned any lessons from this....because we still don't know what happened. Malaysia Airlines has a moral responsibility to spend whatever resources are necessary to keep searching for the plane until it's found. The international community has responsibility to provide whatever aid they can to assist Malaysia Airlines until the plane is found, and keep the pressure on until the important questions surrounding it's disappearance can be answered definitively. I hope Malaysia Airlines doesn't think they can announce their theory that all is lost, and then tell the relatives of the passengers essentially to "move along....there's nothing to see here", and expect this issue to just completely go away. If that's the case, this airline needs to be sued into bankruptcy...and beyond if necessary.
Airlines don't have the capability to search for wreckage. It will take a government agency such as the military branch to do that.
Airlines have the ability to contract to people who will search, if the military won't do it.
Heck, I'll look for the plane if I had a boat. We need to know the answers. So we can prevent the tragedy from happening again. The next time you fly, be aware. Your plane might crashed into the ocean too.
Lesson No. 9: Don't board a plane in Malaysia. You have to admit that the Malaysian investigators have botched this. I realize it is a large world and a large ocean, but you cannot deny that the Malaysians were not up to the task.
You can count the number of air crashes involving this airline with your fingers. This is an unprecendented event so things may go awry but still the country try its best to handle the situation. As someone commented earlier, the US didn't do any better when it came to handling the post-hurricane Katrina disaster either ....
I realize this. I really do. And this IS unprecedented. But they are slow to comment. It took them 16 days to say what most people already knew. Their comments were contradictory and confusing. The airline's spokesman appears to be a buffoon and has done more to hurt the brand than anything else. I am aware of the technical and logistical challenges. I'm commenting on their bedside manner and their apparent lack of organization.
Jake's right: not the best or the brightest.
Why cant we people jus shut up on speculating anything yet, let it be enough and we should keep an eye on any new evidence. I hate thnking like an idiot everyday and none of you people writing about this plane are survivors of MH370... we know absolutely nothing about everything on that plane that night. We said much already and we must not continue disgust relatives of the lost victims!
What a crock. Typical of a professor who's experience comes from printed paper and a big imagination. There are to many errors in his thinking to address them all. The bottom line is this isn't something that reoccurs and in fact this one is new. We can't spend billions because one rare accident deprives the public or the media of quick information.
How do you know it won't happen again - especially since we DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED YET?
Plane crashes happen, right? They don't happen very often, fortunately and are even more rare in the ocean. They found the French liner in the Atlantic. It took awhile but live weren't lost because of it.
#9- Never watch CNN's coverage of anything ever again.
I thought the vast majority of thinking people learned that lesson when they were known as the Clinton National Network. You must be very left wing to be still be watching CNN.
Ships have these things called EPIRBS that keep track of their positions at all times - and sets off an alarm if the signal vanishes. Planes need to start using something similar.
Lesson #9: Keep a very close eye on middle eastern male passengers.
Lesson #10. Keep an eye on your gay lover D.B.
Today 60 to 80 people will perish on our roads and highways as they do every day, day after day. Not a single pundit or self important journalist will give hoot about it. Why?
Number 1 lesson, don't buy into "official" BS stories. See how the American media has already called this case closed? Why do you think that is? The Russians were tracking a shipment that was aboard the cargo ship Maersk Alabama (yep the same one in the "Captain Philips" movie) where two former Navy Seals were found murdered in their cabin. The murder was set up to look like drug overdoses. The Russians tracked the package they were guarding right to the Malaysian flight 370 that disappeared. They warned the Chinese it was coming. But the Russian GRU (the modern KGB) has filed a report that the US Navy intercepted the flight and it is now on the ground at our US Navy Base in Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean. That base was designed to handle emergency flight landings of aircraft the size of the Boeing 777 it turns out and is VERY secluded. The Chinese wanted the 20 Freescale Corporation engineers (formerly part of Motorola) that were headed to China with a new technology that makes aircraft virtually invisible. Meanwhile, the Russians backtracked the Maersk cargo to an American company that specializes in biological and chemical agents for the military. The questions are, what exactly was in the shipment the two Navy Seals died for and why were 20 Chinese-American engineers who were about to file patents on their new stealth technology and a planeload of other passengers taken to Diego Garcia, our very secretive base in the middle of nowhere? And why isn't the American media talking about this when the media around the world is now asking questions about it? Instead the US media is jumping behind the Malaysian story 100% even though there isn't a shred of evidence that it's true. They are in "Oh here's the answer" mode. That indicates a fake story is being built.
why aren't aircraft fitted with floating locator beacons. every time one goes down theres an endless search for sunken flight recorder. a break away beacon can certainly be develop and installed on aircraft particularly ones flying transoceanic.
Lesson#1-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines Lesson#2-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines Lesson#3-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines Lesson#4-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines Lesson#5-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines Lesson#6-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines Lesson#7-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines Lesson#8-Don't ever fly on Malaysia Airlines
he could have crashed the plane into the sea at any time !!!!! a 180 degree turn means something is wrong - its a broadcast that something is wrong !!!!! turning off transponders AFTER being sure your 180 degree turn has been noted means someone wants to be hidden but isn't familiar with operating procedure else the transponders would have gone down before the turn. going below radar is hide your final destination. note the projected track and satellite tracks DO NOT rule out a brief touch down in Australia then sending the plane out on auto/remote pilot to crash into the sea !!!!! Bill C
Industry and gov have known all this for decades, just like GM knew about ignition switches. Bean counters determine what will be done based on money.
Sickening, isn't it? I thought China was the place where human life was worthless.
Bean counters are going to be the death of the rest of us.
An airplane incident takes place. We must improve the monitoring of airplanes. A mass shooting occurs. We must have better gun control. A flood occurs. We must keep people out of flood plains. Then, 2 weeks after the event is over, it is business as usual until the next series of events. One week after they confirm the airplane is in the Indian Ocean, this story is history and no further action is necessary regarding aircraft safety.
then news media are the worst case in any event they sensationalize to get higher rateings, then bring on these so called experts that just want their 5 minutes of glory.I have listened to some of the description of senarios that i know pilot watching it made them furios. its a jke what the lying journalist put out calling it truth because the public has the right to know
I have feeling US has to do something about this 2 months ago US created story that Chinese sea patrol water-cannoned Malay's fisherman boat that Malays govt denied it. The flight flied to "NOwhere land" across a poor country named Indonegssa which lack of high tech tools. The actor is surely a man know everything about American boeing "how to on & shut the devices" Now US with full power try to find the black box and when it happened all the secrets will never ever revealed. US=The Christian terrorists.
Please learn the proper use of English before posting comments that make you look stupid on an English language site. You'll still look stupid, but at least the rest of us might be able to make heads or tails of your nonsense.
@Tazmania, yeah. i think i saw that movie, but had to shut it off because i couldn't follow the cryptic subtitles.
Read the comments regarding this article and it just re-enforces lesson 8 of the article. Everyone has a theory. No one has an answer.
Airliners are constructed of millions of individual parts supplied by the lowest bidder. The failure of said parts can turn an airliner into a lawn dart. These airliners are then operated and maintained by regular human beings. What could possibly go wrong?
#9.: Don't fly Government operated Airlines.
Duh! Malaysian Airlines is not operated by the Malaysian government any more than American Airlines is operated by the U.S. government. While you are not a moron, that sure was a moronic comment.
I have an idea... how about check everyone's passports before boarding a flight? Why did the Iranians use their own passports to enter the country, but used stolen passports to board the flight? Something still smells wrong about those two being on board...
Something smells fishy. But the investigators still don't know the answer.
1. Mechanical things break and fail. 2. Humans screw up and make mistakes. These two account for 99.9% of all death and disaster worldwide, especially for airplanes. It's not rocket science.
Lesson No. 9: Never fly on an airline that allows passengers in the cockpit, flies in or out of known Muslim nation or has pilots with a Muslim-type last name.
Another important lesson is preventing the pilots' ability to disable communication devices/transponders during flight.
The copilot said something out of the ordinary, "Good night " or some such BS that's fishy. The plane turned around ! Why did it go off course AND discontinue communication ? I don't care what officials in Malaysia are trying to sell us, something went wrong on this and we aren't getting the truth. I see a couple of possibilities, but I don't think it was just a normal plane crash.
British Airways use satellite transmitted telemetry monitoring their transatlantic flights. Not only do they know where the airplane is, but also they have continuous diagnostic report on the airplane's condition and needs. Mandating this system or some version of it should be at the head of the list.
Lesson #1 - The American press will use the 15 minute story to totally ignore the ongoing destruction of America for at least a month.
Lesson Number 1: Do not take Malaysian Airlines.
boycott embargo sanction - natural selection curseofearth people - they extinct or earth extinct
The best lesson, don't fly on government run third world country airlines regardless of the quality of the aircraft. It still takes a pilot and first officer and security is pretty much absent.
Check Malaysia's safety record with any U.S. carrier and see if you still have that view.
LESSON #1: Since we don't actually know what happened, do not read any articles that tell you there are 8 lessons to learn. Waiting for the facts is apparently too difficult for writers trying to make a name for themselves.
The plane was quarantined! It was escorted out to the Indian Ocean & shot down because of a biological weapon on-board!
What do we know? Was the area where the last transmission was broadcast ever searched? How can we know that the plane isn't right there? When the simplest explanation is often the best, this whole outlandish story is hard to swallow.
Susan, yes that area was searched for days.
Only when human "sense of responsibility" catches up with technology will technology be implemented! Vaya con Dios!
The number one thing that should have been on the list is, absolutely no one should be able to deactivate the transponders at any time!
That's based on the assumption that someone DELIBERATELY turned off the transponders! Please re-read suggestion #8.
The transponders were turned off! Regardless of how they were turned off, it should not have happened.
#1 should be that It needs to be international law for all Airlines that if they have satellite tracking in their aircraft that they have to keep the tracking system operating, Malaysian airlines shut their tracking computer off at their headquarters to save a few $$ but that meant that they couldn't track the planes flight to do a rescue.
Whoever thumbed me down on this is a fugging idiot, there is absolutely no good reason for planes not to be tracked so that they can be found when they crash.
Most of the passengers were involved with offshoring of jobs to China: - Total number of U.S. jobs offshored in 2013: 2,637,239 - America is losing half a million jobs to China every single year according to the Econ. Policy Institute. - Nearly 14 million illegal & legal immigrants entered the U.S. between 2000 to 2010 - 90 Million Americans Not Working, WSJ Oct 2013
So Chris, lessons learned from this crash is that we have outsourced jobs to China and we have millions of illegals entering the U.S, every year. Tell us something we do not know and try to stick to the topic with your posts.
#9 - If it is not an American flag aircraft, don't get on it.
Like there has never been an airline disaster involving an American Flag Carrier???
Did I miss the one about don't fly Malaysian airlines?
99.99 percent of terrorism exploits are purely propaganda. THe lesson they should learn is media pure garbage
Lesson #1 Dont ever believe your government, you might end up like a liberal, believing everything your told by your rulers.
Ya like weapons of mass destruction.
Read the definition of a WMD and then think!
if pilot flips out, or terrorist take over control of any passenger airline, not a lot anyone else can do about it, data or no data.
You know, I don't believe that after the first plane was hijacked, we didn't put tracking devices that had nothing to do with the pilots are any one else on every flight. They put them on cars, phones and everything else. They can drive a remote control car around on mars, but can't find a plane on earth. I call #$%$
And this effects most of us how?. Just another large accident. Happens. Given the volume of flight travel daily is just an oops .many options for things to go wrong. We are lucky it usually goes well.
It's preposterous that planes don't all have GPS locators. You're just begging for one to get stolen.
The vast majority of passengers on that flight into Beijing, China were involved with the offshoring of American jobs to China, so the lesson to be learned is that America's jobs need to be reshored back to the U.S.
And that would prevent the aircraft from going down how?
Lessons to be learned; #1 - stay out of 3rd world hellhole countries #2 - Don't fly on planes piloted by Muslims
Lesson No. 9: If God had meant for us to fly on Smoking Boeings, we would have been born with parachutes.
8 lessons we need to learn from Malaysia Airlines tragedy: You'd have thought not crashing would have been in there somewhere.
The greatest lesson is: Accidents happen, and this seems to be an accident. They say you have a 5000% higher chance of getting in a car accident than a plane accident. Well, this was one of them.
The Iranians aboard are to blame!
My own personal opinion is that planes should not fly over the ocean for long periods of time even if it means a little longer time in the air flying over land and/or a little higher price for the ticket!
If you don't want to do that - then don't. For example, if you want to go to England, go to Greenland, then Iceland, then England. Your choice, if you want to buy extra tickets.
Who buys 296 million dollar airplane, then doesn't spend an extra 100K for Satellite tracking? BTW-Pilot wasn't Muslim believer-he was atheist. also pilot was very firm believer in democracy-that's why he voted against those in power in Malay.
Still want to know if anyone has asked to see or has been given the fuel loading docs and the flight crew's acceptance of same.
You're on the right track because the original flight was supposed to be 2,817 miles (plus extra fuel for diverts or holding, making it possibly good for 3,200 miles) vs supposedly where they think it crashed results in a flight path of 4,048 miles. Doesn't quite add up.
Altitude pays a key factor in figuring fuel consumption for an aircraft and no one really can say for any certainty at what altitudes the aircraft flew or what percentage of N2 the engines were set at.
Jeff, you are absolutely correct, but... the element that will not change is the fuel. From that, you can calculate minimum and maximum range with all the variables. I really can't see how a plane set-up for a 2,817 miles flight can reach 4,048 before crashing. I can not say how much was on board, that is the question, but I also know they are not going to fuel it to a ridiculous overage... it simply costs too much to lug all that extra weight around.
Lesson No. 9: Don't confuse speculation with facts when listening to online armchair detectives. Leave the investigating to the professionals.
I learned 8 lessons from the media on MH370: lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies and more lies. Research this on your search engines: Uninterruptible Autopilot patented by Boeing in 2006. The system can take over command of an aircraft and remotely land it. The CIA has the capability to do so. Now ask yourself who was on board or what knowledge did they have to intercept this flight? Hint: 20 Chinese nationals; four of them with a pending patent for allowing any aircraft to have a "stealth mode". Almost any and all other news is to mislead. This aircraft was mostly likely landed on Diego Garcia controlled by the US in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
Ok, what did the CIA do with the other passengers and crew, and the plane is at Diego Garcia or did the CIA make that disappear also. Faaux, you need to take your lithium and come back to some sense of reality.
Faux news lies…but any idea that magically appears in your head must be truth? Clown.
You can't handle the truth. Even when facts are presented, those who believe the MSM just can't handle the truth. They never research, they never think, they just have those beady sheeple eyes and drool when they listen to the news. Research: Boeing patents anti-terrorism auto-land system for hijacked planes. It goes on to say: "The uninterruptible autopilot would be activated......by government agencies like the Central Intelligence Agency." "once activated, (it)removes all control from pilots to automatically return a commercial airliner to a predetermined landing location." "The aircraft remains in automatic mode until after landing when.............government security operatives are called in to disengage the system." psssst.........all Boeing equipment has had this installed since 2007.
Jeff here is the proof. This is from the article in 2006 in FlightGlobal an aviation industry magazine. I suggest you read it very close and pay attention to the second paragraph. Stop making stupid statements unless you have counter facts. Your opinion otherwise is just stupid conjecture from a fool. P.S. You can research this patent as it has been issued. From Flight Global 1 Dec 2006 Boeing last week received a US patent for a system that, once activated, removes all control from pilots to automatically return a commercial airliner to a predetermined landing location. The “uninterruptible” autopilot would be activated – either by pilots, by onboard sensors, or even remotely via radio or satellite links by government agencies like the CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, if terrorists attempt to gain control of a flight deck. Boeing says: "We are constantly studying ways we can enhance the safety, security and effiecency of the world's airline fleet." “There is a need in the industry for a technique that conclusively prevents unauthorised persons for gaining access to the controls of the vehicle and therefore threatening the safety of the passengers onboard the vehicle, and/or other people in the path of travel of the vehicle, thereby decreasing the amount of destruction individuals onboard the vehicle would be capable of causing,” the patent authors write. “In particular, there is a need for a technique that ensures the continuation of the desired path of travel of a vehicle by removing any type of human decision process that may be influenced by the circumstances of the situation, including threats or further violence onboard the vehicle.” According to the patent, existing preventative measures are less than fullproof – pilots can decide to open the lockable, bullet-proof cockpit doors and federal air marshals can be overpowered and de-armed. Boeing’s alternative has an onboard processor that once activated, disallows pilot inputs and prevents anyone on board from interrupting an emergency landing plan that can be predefined or radioed to the aircraft by airline or government controllers and carried out by the aircraft’s guidance and control system. To make it fully independent, the system has its own power supply, independent of the aircraft’s circuit breakers. The aircraft remains in automatic mode until after landing, when mechanics or GOVERNMENT SECURITY OPERATIVES are called in to disengage the system. Boeing envisions several methods of activating the system. Options include manual switches for pilots to hit, or possibly force sensors on the cockpit door that would trip the anti-terror mode if a minimum force threshold were crossed, for instance if someone were trying to break down the door. Another option is a remote link whereby airline or government workers in ground facilities would monitor and aircraft and command the automatic control mode “once it is determined that the security of the air vehicle is in jeopardy.” Radio links could also be used to inform ground facilities and nearby aircraft that an aircraft has been placed in the automatic flight mode. It’s unclear if the Boeing work is related to last week’s issuance of a $1.9 million US Federal Aviation Administration contract to Raytheon for an Advanced Route Evaluation System (ARES). According to Raytheon, ARES will perform risk analysis on aviation routes to help planners determine the best routes for aircraft to use during emergencies.” Aside from the safety and security aspects of having such a system, Boeing sees it as a preventative measure: “Once the automatic control system provided by the present invention is initiated, no one on board the air vehicle is capable controlling the flight to the air vehicle, such that it would be useless for anyone to threaten violence in order to gain control the air vehicle.”
So they haven't found the plane, just claimed that it crashed in some of the deepest waters on earth, how convenient.
Why can't airplanes be made of the same material of the black box?
Why? So, they can magically vanish into thin air like the flight recorders on American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 on 9-11?
Technology that can track a plane right up to the point of impact is of no use to the passengers inside the ill fated plane. Its of enormous value to the manufacturer and the airlines.
Lesson 1: Those who do not remember the past are doomed for failure. These lessons all should have been rectified after 9/11. Such incompetence.
Lesson No. 9: Don't fly Malaysia Airlines.
One story lost in all of this was the barrel found floating in the Indian Ocean last Friday that contained human remains. CNN was the only news organization to report today that the DNA identified the remains as belonging to Jimmy Hoffa. I'm surprised the other news organizations have not mentioned this.
Every time an airplane goes out of range of land based radars, it is lost. Pilots have to call in by radio and give their position. We have Satellite tracking systems available, except FAA does not know that. Flight 370 disaster is a wake-up call.
The flaw of Malaysian system, and their main interest in just covering their behinds all showed in this tragedy.
There were at least 50 Malaysian passengers & crews in the doomed flight. The malaysians have as much invested in getting to the truth, if not more, as everyone else. Everyone seemed to think that it's the Chinese Nationals who have lost their loved ones. Nobody questioned what is China Southern Airlines (who co-shared this route with Malaysian Airlines) contribution in trying to help with this whole tragic affair!
Here's my lesson learned. Don't fly Malaysian Airlines. Also, don't fly Asiana or Korean Air, either. They've both had planes crash because the co-pilot couldn't tell the captain that they were in trouble because of Confucionism.
Man, 11% of fatal accidents are during parking & taxiing? Too many air traffic controllers sleeping on the job!
Dumb FAA, dumb FAA. Marine people are smarter. A EPIRB unit sends location of a sinking ship to a satellite. Cost of the EPIRB Satellite beacon is less than $1000. There is no excuse for FAA stupidity.
9. Never believe the lies from the governments or from the media.
Do not feed the Republitarded troll.
Lesson No 9: Don't fly Airlines that let international passengers from the Middle East board the planes with fake Passports. Not really a good policy.
Nobody will drive 10 year car to go 200 mile trip and here Airlines are using 25+ year old planes as safe! The R & M expense is skimped because it eats profit.When disasters like this occurs, the system members try to "manage" public by release of all kinds of confusing theories until public attention on the issue has waned. I think the plane went down because of loss of air pressure caused by rupture in metal skin of the plane. Such event can kill every one including pilots and not shut engines flying the plane in directions that the jerk of rupture and/or wind currents may cause.One would have to see what happens to Dreamliners once they age a bit more.
Kiku, the 777 has been around since 1995. It is a medium to long distance hauler, and as such does not have as many take off and landings as other jets that fly shorter routes of similar age. The airframes, avionics and engines are on specific schedules for maintenance that cannot be postponed like changing the oil in ones car. The average age for a car on the road in the U.S. is eight years old, so having 100,000 miles or driving a car 10 years old is not inviting trouble as long as you take care of it.
Lesson 8 is the one to take home. Media muddied the waters, forced premature releases of "information", touted every nonsense theory as a "new lead being investigated at the this very moment--click here", and generally made a mockery of the usual definition of "news". Report results not conjecture,.
The media harping on and on for days about conspiracy theories and floating debris and this could have happened and that could have happened and now they're telling us there are lessons that"we" need to learn. What have YOU learned? Stop wasting our time on stories and start reporting just the facts maybe?
LESSON No. 9 (Mine): Let the transponders to be always ON. Why they allow the pilots to turn them ON or OFF whenever they decide or want to do that? Have them permanently ON and not accessed by pilots or ground systems.
Only one lesson here: When you have a physical part that you can test, and make sure is a part of the plane, then you can fully say, "we found a part the missing plane". Other than that speculations is as good as a lie. As of today 3/25/14 nobody has made it to the Indian Ocean landmark where you found this 'debris'.
No lessons, SOMEONE took that plane. And the government knows it
The Malasian gov't and media have said nothing about the pilots, why ? They turned off the stuff and steered off course. Praise Allah !
All these satellite pictures and we can't find anything. This is getting ridiculous.
Lesson #9, CNN is tabloid journalism at its worst. 13 days of non-stop theories and speculation by this lame liberal media outlet. By now America knows not to tune in to CNN and their ratings show it.
There may be things to learn there, but this list is (a) not titled well, as no one gets to tell people what they need to learn, and (b) if you didn't already know most of this, you need bigger help than a pop article.
on lesson # 8 the reporter was correct in suspecting icing may have caused the crash.jusknow what your talking about beforet because its 90 degrees on the grd its much colder at altitude.plus you have to factor in the humidity level.therefore the reporter was correct.
Do you really want commercial aircraft connected to the internet, are you out of your freakin mind,,,, what are you thinking, are you thinking at all, one word, HACKERS,,, not to mention how they work with governments OMG I would never fly again if the planes systems were connected in any way to the internet. I will shut up enough said.
I know one lesson, don't fly Malaysia Airlines!
According to your logic then, don't fly on any airlines with a crash record! Good luck with that! For your information, Malaysian Airline had an excellent safety record prior to this incident
Never fly on Oceanic Airlines they seem to always have hijackings and wrecks in the movies and on tv.
What a bunch of #$%$. One day bashing Rush for pointing out their stupidity, the next, laying out a standard operating procedure for when their hyper-sensationalism leaves an extremely skeptical public, not of Malay, but of the media in cour U.S.A. It feels like Russias' best interest is being fulfilled by the American left.
If 95% of passengers survive than why worry about making the black boxes more survivable? Running out of coffee doesn't qualify as an accident. I'm sorry if the plane is going down put your head between your legs and kiss your but goodbye...
"Focusing primarily on terrorism can obscure other threats. " No. Malaysia's airline that crashed had a bunch of issues that wouldn't have occurred on an Euro or American airline presently - communications systems allowed to be turned off. No jets dispatched to check out the plane (or any other response to communications going down). Pilot allowed to continue flying plane after letting regular people into cockpit. Two people use false passports. Pilot changed course without anyone double checking or noticing. The plane was not tracked throughout the whole flight.
That is exactly correct! Once a problem was detected WHY wasn't there some type of response?
If you think this can't happen in the US you must have missed the article about the Southwest flight landing at the wrong airport.
Equus, you could not be more mistaken. What makes you think Euro or American pilots cannot turn off communication equipment in flight or for that matter don't let unauthorized personnel on the flight deck. NOBODY could get by TSA with fake passports, dream on!
I once flew to Canada with a large kitchen knife in my carry on. Nobody noticed it until I was returning and Canadian security saw it on the x-ray. It must have been in my carry on bag for several flights because the last time I had used it was when I was on a long term assignment in Malaysia.
Sigh* do you people have anything better to do other than force your views on others? Acting like a bunch of schoolchildren.
#9 It doesn't matter what the truth is because you will never get it. Government run media will always force you to look the other way and if you don't, they will always throw in the term "conspiracy theory" (as they did in lesson # 8) or "truthers" or "tinfoil hat" or "Buzz Aldrin" to simply discredit any person who cares to analyze FACTS as opposed to just absorb the #$%$ they feed you.
The number one lesson is that Liberals don't want terrorists to be treated like terrorists.
Hopefully this plane is stuck somewhere in a holding hanger on one of the Indian ocean islands where service is rather slow - after the pilots noticed some engine failure. That would explain why the phones kept ringing after the disappearance.
Lesson 9: never board a plane whose final destination is the ocean.
Being able to monitor commercial aircrafts is definitely a lesson to be learned. If something as simple as an iPhone can be tracked everywhere goes, and we have satellites all over the place, why hasn't this been implemented already?
Lesson 9: Don't fly if the pilots name is something like mohammed or whatever!
So we have jumped from speculation to knowing what happened because some people think they found debris in the Indian Ocean. Everyone was looking for ways to blame the pilots. Now we see a story where the pilots may have been trying to save the plane. We still don't know where the plane is.
This seems like a article looking for content or more precisely, a better headline writer. All of the technical stuff is well known to the aviation industry and will be implimented when economically viable. As far as providing information is concerned, Malaysia could learn from us. Media coverage is based on the concept that disaster sells, no matter what is said. I'll be willing to bet the ratings have been high for the coverage, black holes or aliens notwithstanding.
More people died in traffic accidents today than on that plane. Didn't make the news. Accidents happen, move on
But the last time I checked, in a car accident, the car does not disappear.
Why not have LIVE CAMS on ALL planes??? Live GPS??? The UNIONS won't allow it. They call it an invasion of privacy. How about they don't want to have to HIRE LAWYERS to defend the jobs of the pilots who break the rules. HOW ABOUT A THREAT TO THE PASSENGERS. EVERY plane should be monitored. The UNIONS are ruining our lives. GET RID OF THE F - N Unions!!!!! They raise the price of EVERYTHING and KILL PEOPLE!!!
The FAA will never require anything that costs the industry money, unless the industry agrees. This is a failed statement. The FAA should mandate these things, regardless of cost......If not, the insurance companies should required them as they can evade payouts if they can prove that this person or that business was not liable.... This argument about the FAA is stupid, and the FAA can implement these things, then WHY HAVE the FAA in the first place.
FAA did force Boeing to ground the Dreamliner, that cost them a lot of money.
"the FAA indicated that it does not plan on taking any further action at this time to mandate the installation of cockpit image recording systems". They (pilot unions) will never agree! They will be caught sleeping and/or goofing off....
Lesson 1: Never leave it up to incompetent bureaucrats (in that case the Malaysians) to direct a technologically complicated search. No other lesson needed. The information from Inmarsat was available from day one.
That's why the only lesson needed is not to leave it up to politicians and bureaucrats to run a search like that.
#10. Don't let Muslims investigate another muslim... They'll end up making a suicidal Muslim a martyr...
Who wrote this article, a #$%$?
OK, on the other hand, if all passengers have been checked out if they had anything to do with this tragedy, has the mother of one of the passengers, who had a stolen passport, has she come forward worried where is her son? Was he really going to visit his mother?
Yes, she came forward something like the 2nd day. Both of the Iranian passengers were thoroughly checked out and completely cleared.
Start with not letting Muslims have jobs especially that of a pilot.
One thing I am now convinced of is that this tragedy is 100% pilot error/fault.
You don't need a black box. The same information should be continuously uploaded to the satellite and this system should never be disabled by anything. Passengers can surf the web on the plane, the bandwidth needed to do this would be miniscule.
There is always an off switch or the main buss circuit breakers. Otherwise what will you do when the plane is on the ground, you have to power it down.
Umm, very simple. The system cannot be turned off when the plane is flying. When the plane is on the ground, you can turn it off, that is very simple to design like power steering or any other control systems in a car or the current planes themselves.
Any electrical system can be defeated, the shop manuals with service procedures, schematics are available.
So? The point is that you cannot simply turn it off. You can design it such that you cannot easily cut some wires to turn it off. Maybe a locked tight panel that requires special keys or code from ground to open it up. When it is appropriate to access it, it is simple to do so, otherwise, not so easy.
When you buy a new car, if you miss a payment, the repo- man can find & pick up your car the next day, he tracks it by sattelite. Isn't a plane & its passengers of more value, Radar is great, but sattelite can find it anywhere.
Breaking news,Mossad set up hijacking to get China to back attack on Iran, Russians are as lone wolf now with Mossad planned overthrow of Ukrain government. WW 3 to be within a 1 year time frame before Mossad and CIA are caught with their pants down.
We have drones that can be flown in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Air Force pilots sitting in an air conditioned trailer in the Nevada desert, so I don't think it would be that far fetched to think that this plane could've been electronically hijacked.
There was one expert (that's what he was called anyway) who was interviewed at least 3 times by the local (Chicago) TV station. To his credit, every time this guy was interviewed he'd start off by saying "Look, this is all speculation, nobody knows anything, nothing. No wreckage, no casualties, no oil slick, nothing. All I'm doing is guessing what could have happened." Then he'd make something up and sure enough - two days later they'd be interviewing him again.
Just like Barack Hussein Obama, ALL Muslims are dirty lying dogs! Sit Ubu, sit.
If that sheet flaps any harder you can join the search in the Indian Ocean yourself.
**Eight lessons we need to learn from Malaysia Airlines tragedy** 1. Don't listen to the media. 2. Don't listen to the media. 3. Don't listen to the media. 4. Don't listen to the media. 5. Don't listen to the media. 6. Don't listen to the media. 7. Don't listen to the media. 8. Never trust your Govt, they will always lie to you.
The article is a waste of time. There is a HUGE reason to look at terrorism here, not matter what the outcome is. We know that most air accidents are pilot error, but most accidents don't involve a vanishing airplane from FL 350....there is NOTHING normal or usual about this case and so there is really nothing to be learned from it if you don't know what happened.
I really feel bad for all of the families of this tragedy and what they must be going through. Been keeping up with the events since the plane's disappearance and like many others wonder what could have happened. I do know one thing however. Had this happened to Air Force One I wouldn't give a chit....
Lesson # 9 - Don't get on a plane that is being flown by or has Muslims on it. That's like dropping your kid off to play at a pedophile's house and then being surprised he was molested.
The U.N. is actually in charge of all countries and is mentioned as the wild beast in the book of REV. It's the 8th king. The one all the others answers to. It gets it's authority from the dragon ( Satan). It is the last power to exist before the end comes. Right now it's still hiding as all authoritive, but eventually it will be known.
All aircraft should be set up so that ground crews HAVE to turn on the location devices and only turn them off after the aircraft has landed. They should NOT be near the pilots or under pilot control, but outside of the aircraft or in such places as no one could access them except ground crews. And they should send data continuously not to to the aircraft but to ground networks and be stored until the flight has returned.
Can you trust the ground crew? It should be a automatic switch (weight on wheels switch) it will turn itself on once the aircraft is in the air.
The flight crew already does this, that is how the tower knows where the planes are before they get in line to take off.
It has already been pointed out the transponder is under the control of the flight deck to permit its deactivation after the a c has landed and is taxying on the runway. This eliminates now superfluous / cluttering signals from being fed onto already busy air traffic control screens focused on inflight a c.
Maybe they should make it so the transponder cannot be turned off unless the plane is motionless.
As long as the plane or anything is not found, no one can say that all those theories were wrong. This article is just telling us it is best to forget it and go on with our live because as of today it is still a mystery.
Biggest lesson: don't fly foreign flagged airlines, especially those of totalitarian or religiously nutty places.
"And in the case of the two aircraft that hit the World Trade Center on 9/11, the recorders were not recovered from either plane." Well it would be coincidental or that these 2 air craft did not have any type of black box in these air craft. Since 9/11 was an inside job in the first place.
I'm nuts? No the inside job was nuts.
Lesson #9 - Never let a Muzzie pilot a plane. Unless it's to fly the ever vacationing Michelle Antoinette.
"However, black box myths abound: Myth: These devices are always found. Consider: Air France Flight 447 disappeared over the Atlantic Ocean in June 2009, but the boxes weren’t found until two years later, in May 2011. And in the case of the two aircraft that hit the World Trade Center on 9/11, the recorders were not recovered from either plane." ("And in the case of the two aircraft that hit the World Trade Center on 9/11, the recorders were not recovered from either plane.") LOL? two planes that crashed ON LAND and their recorders were "not recovered", you really believe that? They some how managed to find the terrorists' passports in the wreckage, but what about the many nearly indestructible flight records? Nope, didn't find them Yeah, #$%$ right. Tell us another fairy tale.
It is idiots like you that influence the new illiterate generation. I want you to go and research how many people's bodies were NOT recovered in the 9-11 terrorist attacks. When I say "not" recovered, I mean -NOTHING-, not an arm, not a hand, not a finger, not a toe nail. You seem to believe these boxes are indestructible. They are not. They are made to withstand the majority of conceivable crashes... mainly because they are installed in the tail end of the plane, not because they are magically impervious to any and all forces of physics. Grow a brain.
Good try, Richard, Thanks. I sometimes try to talk sense in my posts, but it's uphill going with most of these readers. Oh dear, what does that say about me?
Blah, Blah are you serious? Two planes hit the World Trade Centers traveling approximately 500mph with about 40,000 gallons of fuel on board and you expect to find "black boxes" How much of either aircraft do you think were recovered or passengers? I know you probably want to deny aircraft ever hit the buildings but have not found a way to get around all the video coverage of them doing so. Put your tin foil hat back on and go back in your mommy's basement to work on your next conspiracy theory.
It says you give a damn. Don't stop.
Not recovered because the citizens were incinerated from the extreme heat of the fires. All that powder that covered the city was from combustion of humans, office furniture, carpets, insulation from the wiring in all the raceways, paper, etc.
James, you are essentially correct, but it was more then just the extreme heat. Human bodies are fairly delicate, even our bones... when faced with major forces. AA Flight #11 hit the WTC, Tower 1 at 8:46:26 AM travelling at 429 mph. The Boeing 767-223ER (N334AA) is used to murder 1,837 people + 5 terrorists die UA Flight #175 hit the WTC, Tower 2 at 9:02:54 AM travelling at 537 mph. The Boeing 767-222 (N612UA) is used to murder 916 people + 5 terrorists die The intense speed, the heavy metal, the intense fire, the great height, the 130,000 tons of debris. It was a horrific event of unbelievable power. 2,752 people were murdered, plus the evil 10 masquerading as humans. Research how many were never found, simply nothing. It is a stunning figure. (1,136 / 41.13%)
if you have ever gone thru USA customs you will know that they make a copy of your passport - they DID NOT find the actual passports
The biggest Black Box is attached to an ape at 1600 Pennsylvania.....
# 9 - don't get on a Malaysian airliner,ever.
Lesson number 1 in my book: I DON'T TRUST ANY MUSLIMS to fly the plane I'm on. Thankfully, I doubt any Muslims fly most domestic carriers. And if they do, I'm sure there isn't two in the cockpit.
We have one flying the country right now and this country is about to hit the ground.
Hey Frank....apparently your cult leaders forgot to send you a memo!! Obama is NOT a muslim and he was born in Hawaii. Now it's time to get back to Dubya's sheep farm!!
Nice one Frank. While he was born a Muslim, he "supposedly" converted to Christianity. However, I'm thinking, deep down he's still a Muslim.
I hate to break it to you Nicole he is and was raised as a Muslim . His father and step father were the main influences in his life and both were. Do some fact checking. Don't you remember when he said there was no sweeter sound than the Koran .
I've allways identified with the republican party. Its the #$%$ mindset of people like greg and frank that make me vote democrat.
Paul don't 'blame' anyone for being a FOOL and voting Democrat. No one's "mindset" would inspire you to vote one way or the other. It's the political agenda of the Democratic party (and their leadership) that had you vote for them, not me or anyone else.
no Greg. it is the disgusting racism and intolerance that made me vote democrat. From an economic standpoint I agree with republicans 100%. From a social standpoint I find many of their views disgusting. Voting for third partys is a waste of a vote. Therefore I will vote democrat until the republican party pulls its head out of its #$%$
It was a choice between idiots and #$%$. For the most part I choose the idiots (about 60% dems 40% reps)
1. Don't let radical Muslims fly airliners.
9) Let airlines handle security on their own.
Lesson #9: Asian's can't drive cars or push a shopping cart for that matter so what makes you think they can fly a plane?
Guess you missed the history lesson about December 7, 1941.
Just personal experience. We had a Honda Accord and a Volvo totaled 5 years apart by Asian drivers who did not understand the concept of a stop sign. The last incident had broken my wife's leg.
Here is what I learned.. No matter where you are in the world.. You are never safe from the USA downing your plane in whatever way they feel they can get away with.
I am on the no fly list.. No reason to be paranoid. Just issuing some helpful advice.
soooooooo ... you're implying it was shot down? for what reason? and why did the one transponder continue to signal that satelite for over five hours if it was shot down? here is what i learned ... stupid people will continue to say stupid things IN SPITE OF readily available evidence.
And and of course the twit misses the most important of lesson. Death, accidents, loss, harmful people are a reality of human existence. Wailing, howling, blaming others, and generally acting like a five year old brat when something like this happens to you, won't bring your loved ones back or make the situation any better.
That's Easy for YOU to say, Mr. Spock ...
... it would be extremely difficult to act LOGICAL when your loved one is missing -- or *MIGHT* have died. :-(
Lesson No. 9: Russians should not be excluded from the search. Why was Russian not part of the search?
Russia help? It's not part of their DNA. Especially not when there's a weaker neighbor to push around. How often have you ever seen Russian humanitarian aid workers, or supplies, when there has been a natural catastrophe anywhere?
Like all your reactions. They all make a lot of sense.
Sorry these people lost their relatives, but the behavior of some of these family members in front of news cameras has disintegrated into a complete clown show.
Lesson #9- Don't watch cable news of the event.
Wrong title, should be 8 things gone wrong trying to find the missing plane by "Officials".
Words---only words---wnd, from folks who have no information---only words.
Defer judgement until all the facts are compiled and analyzed.
I think the plane control was hacked, and the plane was taken to a area to be used in a future terror attack.
And this is why podunk countries remain podunk countries. Too bad they felt insulted.
For starters, transponders should never be allowed to be manually shut off! The "black boxes" should have more than a 30 day life!!
What a moronic comment. They malfunction much more often than some rogue pilot diverts an airplane. When an air traffic controller watching 30 airplanes has one malfunctions and sends wrong data about the airplane, makes the data block jump all over the screen so the airplane's location moves, or the plane turns but the data keeps moving straight, it better be possible for the pilot to turn of that transponder and go to back-up. You have no idea what you are talking about, but you spout off anyway.
Lesson number one: don't underestimate the OTHER GUY'S GREED! Lesson number two: don't get high on your own supply... Oops... That's from Scarface.
If you want a conspiracy, read the comments in yahoo so call news.
I think it's probably a good lesson that you first make sure that nobody flying on the plane is doing so with a stolen passport.....
Lesson #1 Don't fly on third world airlines. Lesson #2 thru 8. See lesson #1
The only lesson I've learned is the media is useless
it is hard not to first think terrorist when this took place near a muslim nation where there are known terrorist groups. hope the answers will come soon.
my flying days are over! the only thing i'll fly in the sky is a KITE ! weather permitting.
Lesson 9: Fly hammered. Get drunk and stay that way. Everyone knows you're more likely to walk away from a wreck if you "stay loose".
you are right , and i always did when i had to fly. if i never woke up, i would never know what happened. and i had some pretty scary flights!
RULE NO. 1 ........avoid flying into and from 3rd world muslim shtholes...............
Bottom line: They don't know where the plane is.
"We" don't need to learn any lessons, governments and the airline industry are the only ones who may "need" to learn any lessons from the incident.
Lesson Number One: Never fly on an Flagship Airline from a Muslim Country.
Lesson number 9,let the experts do their job ,the one THEY are trained to do.
In other words the Media and the damn world keep your mouths shut until the facts come in and just leave the families alone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
An automatic self deployable EPIRB with built in GPS ( Emergency Position Indicating Beacon) for my boat is less than $1,000.00. Why is this not on all commercial aircraft? Jon
Lesson No 9: Don't fly Malasian airlines.
Lesson No. 9: Never waste you time reading an article on Yahoo, putatively written by an "expert" whose only contribution is a long-winded chain of blabber stating the bleeding obvious.
#1 do not wire on-off switches on the planes GPS locator #2 make a Black Box that will last at least 6 months and transmit a stronger signal #3 do not put cameras in the families faces .
If man were meant to fly, he'd be born with wings.
If man were meant to go 65 miles per hour on a paved road, he'd be born with wheels!
I don't have my glasses, but was one of the lessons learned is Don Lemon is a COMPLETE CLUELESS MORON WHO SHOULDN'T BE ON THE AIR? Ever. Yea Don, it was a BLACK HOLE. You SOLVED THE MYSTERY. DOH!
Its always easier to look back after and say what people did wrong.
"All right, Goodnight"......is what the co-pilot said to ATC when he moved from one section into another......is that acceptable or standard language? If not...alarm bells must go off immediately in both sectors......did the 1976? Tenerife disaster not lead to uniform language/protocol? When the transponder is turned off.....should that not immediately be enough to enter an alarm phase at ATC? Image cameras from the cockpit to ATC or an airline communications center should be mandatory as soon as the doors close until they open again.......I get followed by cameras in stores, at work in airports, in malls....so why exclude pilots at work?
I just wonder who the dirt bag lawyers are going to try to sue on this one
A $100,00 dollar truck has a GPS system that will track it up to the second. O 20,000 dollar car has a GPS system that will track it to the second. Even a $200 cellphone can be tracked to the second, But a 30 million dollar airplane doesn't have this technology? Who are they trying to fool?
Lesson #10 - Lets continue to perpetual Myth #5 is a myth that is ONLY proven to be a myth because black boxes weren't recovered from the planes that crashed on 9/11 and have been the ONLY black boxes in the history of black boxes never to be recovered.........unless of course they never find MH370.
Has any "proof" been shown "yet" that the plane wreckage has been found?
No, and it may not be in the Indian Ocean either.
lesson: just ignor the dozens of people in the Maldives who saw the plane flying low over their island
CNN was the worst offender....Black Holes????
To CNN's credit, they news anchor did declare the idea as preposterous before asking the question. It was still silly to ask the question.
For Pete's sake the news needs stop saying its been located until there is proof
Key lesson - don't fly on a plane from a muslim country.
#9 Have at least 1 transponder that CANNOT be turned off/access from a passenger/pilot of the airplane if it is commercial.
Would you want an electrical circuit in your house that cannot be turned off, when two rooms in your house are full of jet fuel? That's effectively what you are asking. All devices connected to an aircraft's electrical system are protected by a circuit breaker. That circuit breaker must be accessible to the pilot, to either manually trip to prevent a fire, or manually reset if it trips unexpectedly.
Good point. However, you can have a self powered system say in the tail or top/bottom of the fuselage far away from the wings or fuel tanks. Have them battery powered and part of a service is to replace at each stop. Of course on the bottom of the plane would be the best spot for a routine change without lifts. Just thinking out loud.
I'm with Brent, but not with the part about batteries "replaced at every stop". (Think about batteries in the 787 for a moment.) It would be trivial to add a Heat-Sensing auto-shutoff into the unit. And anyway, the notion of manual reset "because it tripped accidentally" seems to be unlike the repair and maintenance standards for licensed, multi-engine, modern passenger jets. See also my other comment, noting the use of the shut-off switch in 3/4 of the 9/11 hijacking airplanes. I'm betting that the NTSB is currently thinking along these lines, and new certification standards will be forthcoming for new aircraft - and perhaps, even rulemaking for some currently approved aircraft, to be modified so that a transponder is always running when the plane is in motion - even at low speed on the ground, where their active use is already becoming more prevalent anyway (to support in-plane mapping of other runway traffic).
Not entirely clear that the systems were "turned off." Yes the systems stopped communicating. "Turned off" implies that the ONLY explanation was manual intervention which we really don't know as a fact. There is a chance that it was some weird systems failure such as a fire
Problem is transponders "always on" can interfere with communications at busy airports. Imagine the electronic chatter at JFK, O' Hare or National.
#9.1 - Transponders aren't the magical tracking devices media seem to have convinced people they are during the last couple of weeks. They are just a device which communicates with radar, giving air traffic controllers a little more to look at on their screen than the primary radar target (a bright dot). Outside of radar coverage they are useless. #9.2 - There are other ways to turn off equipment than the switch on the front. #9.3 - There are very good reasons why transponders can be turned off, just like all other electric equipment in the cockpit. Others have listed them, so I'm not going to.
Propaganda and worthless statistics..... every case is different.... even if we know what happened most is still speculation....wrapped up in a 1000 page report.... even space shuttle disasters were never truly proven....just a guesstimate to appease people and lay it to rest !!!! We know NOTHING of this incident....satellite pings from different counties radar and technology..... none that all confirm what happened....NOTHING.... yes...the plane crashed.... yes everyone is dead..... no...we have no idea what really happened...and most likely never will ! They will release some kind of report that will explain whatever...just to let it go.... #$%$ happens..... plane is gone.... deal with it...it will happen again and it happens more then you think...just didn't get the recognition of this flight ! Sorry..... something went wrong...we will never know..... life must go on ! That many people die every hour in the U.S. ..... car accidents...motorcycle accidents.... PLANE accidents.... people crossing the street and hit by a motor vehicle. Yeh..we say we know what happened...blame it on someone and let it go.... and there is so many other deaths and accidents or missing people that are never found.... but not reported worldwide because it wasn't a plane ....yes...very mysterious...but just another casualty of human life and travel !!!!
Now it begins... The arm warriors second guessing what should have done and how they could done it better. These after though experts will run this into the ground and be paid big bucks in doing so. Monday quarterbacking to the max..............
Terrorism is the New (@$*&)(*(&^%#%$#@$%@# ) Factor.. Since the very 1st Flight.. ...There are only 2 reasons for a CRASH Pilot ERROR or mechanical ERROR. NOW WE HAVE TERRORIST -0_))(*$$%%&....... MUSLIM ERROR WTF!!! ITS a New World and we have to deal with it.....Pretty crappy .HUH! This one so ON!!!! I copied this one and it's soooooo TRUE 1. The possibility of terrorism is still in tact - no one can explain why the plane changed direction and went where it did. Why would it ever do such a thing? 777 is the BEST plane there is. 2. "There is a critical time window to find survivals"... I'll say.. I had no idea... 3.Ultimately the airline is in charge for its passengers and their well being, whether it's security, safety and all the rest of it. 4. blabla talk 5. Yes of course we still need those black boxes - what are you talking about?! 6. That's not a lesson learned - that's just philosophical #$%$. 7. You call that a lesson? Gees.... 8. Again, that's not a lesson.
Lesson No. 9: Goverments should be honest to the people.
Lesson #1 , Don't let CNN or MSNBC report on anything more complex than a baseball game score !!
Lesson No. 9: Don't visit Malaysia. It seems like the country is run by buffons.
#1 lesson: Don't fly. That's it.
Just the costs associated with the loss of ONE of these huge jetliners could pay for a far better system that is ground based to monitor what/where/why planes are doing in the sky. The FAA won't do an improvement on safety if it costs the "industry" $$$$???? Who is in charge?
the video was in another language... so therefore didnt get the reference to the 8 lessons we are to learn from that video...
DON'T fly Malaysian Airlines x 8 !!!!
no. 9 - don't ever allow the transponder to be turned off!!
#1 Lesson....START all the HIGH TECH searches on day one.
they act as if life is more important as time goes by.START WITH THE HIGH TECH SEARCH when it goes missing
maybe everyone should carry a pinger too
HIGH TECH - Life jackets and life-saving plan and parachute installed in the aircraft ..Now just have seatbelt .. (Wry smile)
With all the advances in technology, I wonder if there isn't a better technology to replace the black box that could still work for months
I thought it was a supermassive black hole oh thats right it was only propaganda
Text msg from Malaysia Airlines to next of kin: OMG. Your loved ones are DOA. LOL.
Lesson No 1 ... Stay away from 3rd world countries.
stay away from countries with track record like jepen, phillippine, vietnam, mexico, france, malaysia, indonesia, somalia, nigeria 1 usa made plane are quality no more - there was a big tear on the body of the jet - the result of witchhunting of chinese american scientists & mathematicians since 2decades ago 2 malaysia should repair the tear before flying - stupid people are deadly - like jepen - build nuke on earthquake island & kill the whole pacific ocean - jepen should not be allowed nuke anyhing & malaysia should not be allowed airlines - for phillippinos - not plane, train, boat, car, or even bicycle - feet only
Lesson #1 = Don't believe what you see and hear on CNN and Fox News?
if that were true ya dumb hick we'd have hundreds of planes falling from the sky..
shut the #$%$ up, she is not an expert.
If you want a conspiracy, watch Fox News. If you want facts, wait.
[If you want a conspiracy, watch Mainstream/Network News.] FTFY. Fox might be the worst offender, but that doesn't make the other 24-hour networks innocent angels.
And CNN, MSNBC, BBC, Yahoo etc, etc. haven't/didn't posted ANY theories yet because they don't know facts? Ok, thanks for the intelligent update on that. (Not a FOX news fan either but that comment is juvenile)
That's right Gogo. We'll go to CNN and they can tell us about the Black Hole it was sucked into.
What amazes me, is that some people continue faithfully watching the propaganda channel, Fox, and the most stupid among us tell me that they wouldn't watch any other channel, for Fox is the only one they can trust----mentioned by many Texans, who have to be dumber than a Texas fence post.
Fox isn't the only channel that does this Jack lol
So, why is Fox News rated # 1 in all news channels?
I have TRIED listening to Fox News hoping to get some insight from conservatives. But I can't stand all the disinformation. It's impossible to get past it. I will take CNN any day. What I got from the brief CNN segment about black holes, is that it's preposterous, and they where simply exploring what some people actually want to believe.
At least FOX was not promoting alien abductions or Black Hole theories like CNN.....MSN....ABC...CBS...NBC
@Richard .. Indeed I don't watch Tv or have cable either and I am fine with it hahaha... All media has an issue now a days
You do not need the media for conspiracy theories, just read the postings, just like the ones above.
Gogo, you need to stop watching Fox news. That is if you can?
"Lesson No. 4: Next of kin need to be treated with respect." - Heck, PASSENGERS need to be treated with respect.
Every Black Box that they have shown on the TV has been a bright Orange . What is up with that? The World powers need to put radar tracking all over the earth. Why is the Indian Ocean unexplored. Some of the world countries have been to the Moon....$&@)())
it's not called a black box because of the color...it's because it's impenetrable.
R: Right R..... but it turns black after it cooks like charcoal for an hour plus. Hence the term: "black box."
Well, when a plane gets sucked into a Black Hole we'll just have to go to CNN to see how to react.
why did they act like this thing is over? they havent even found the plane yet and they all announce that the plane has been crash. Something fishy is going on here...
According to a interview on MSNBC it is once again being a "search". 239 victims because of political pride. Now embarrassment
I AM SO SICK OF THIS STORY !!!! Night after night; more than 2 weeks. Nothing else is happening around the world ? Please stop !!!
Actually Rob, I noticed last night, it's now the 5th or 6th "lead" story, on my local news.
Maybe stop reading it, then. No-one is forcing you to read the story, dude. Move on.
I'm not reading it; it's on the tv news; over and over.........
I have an idea!! How about you make it so no one can disable the transponders..
Putting a muslim in command of something capable of so much destruction as an airliner is like having charlie sheen curate the US's cocaine supply.
One lesson we can learn from this incident is not to trust the media if you want your sanity intact!
Lesson #1 should be not to fly on an airline from a third world country
to the media circus: remember what Det. Jack Webb said on Dragnet (if you're old enough to have watched - "just the facts sir, all we want to know is the facts."
Lesson #9- flying on a sh@t bag third world airline, even on a great plane, is still a risk.
Lesson 9. Make the black boxes float.
Still nothing found from wreckage. You would think they would find something
They haven't solved the problem yet and somehow they can say what lessons they've learned.
Asia is a slave-wage, no regulations, no quality control standards, no environmental controls, anything goes paradise for 'laissez-faire" Business, so this should come as no surprise. Time for "Made in the USA."
I know, it's awesome! You can buy 3 girls for the price of one!
Don't let under any circumstances a half Mexican and half Chinese guy wearing only one sneaker named Juan Chu board any aircraft.
#10. Don't ever choose Maylasia Airlines under any circumstances!
I only learned one lesson. When you get on the plane, if the pilot looks like a muslim, do not stay.
I learned to never get on a plane if a muslim is flying it!
Flight crew: Captain Som Ting Wong We Tu Lo Ho Lee #$%$ Bang Ding Ow
You stole these from a news report.
mik, family, race - meet same fate mik, family, race - surrounded by ghosts
9. Never get on a plane with a muslim pilot who has a Bin Laden bobblehead on the dashboard.
Everyone is a comedian. Don't give up your day job.
You can always tell a muslim-but you can't tell him much. Thanks-you've been a great audience!
constant feed to a tracking site will negate the need to look for black boxes 3 miles down into the ocean.
Show me the plane? Show me he plane? Show me the plane "PARTS"??
So SICK of it! Let it go!!!
I dont watch the news 27/7, but NOT ONCE have I heard anyone say that the plane may have been shot down. Someone set me straight if Im wrong please...
Maybe they should figure out what happened before the try to learn from it
Until we know, and we probably never will, what really happened aboard that Aircraft few lessons of any value can or will be learned
Text message: "sorry. plane crash. ur loved one die". Seriously? Text messaging the families of the victims about the death of their loved ones is incredibly impersonal.
Number 9. Dont make it possible to turn off communication with airplanes
Amen sista'. To ensure the tracking devices could not be turned off would have saved an enormous amount of time and money in this situation.
...I just hope no one was hurt...
They forgot the 9th and most important lesson .... That lesson is to NEVER allow any Malaysian official to be "in charge" ever again. They cannot decide what story they want to report from hour to hour.
#9 - that CNN can fill 24 hours with a missing plane story. For a month.
Key lessons?? How about never let a M plane. Or don't fly on a plane with a muslam pilot unless you're tired of life.
suppose to have said: Key lessons?? How about never let a MUSLAM FLY A plane. Or don't fly on a plane with a muslam pilot unless you're tired of life.
Only one lesson--do not fly on Malaysia Airlines--simple--rowing a boat all the way is a better choice.
That's how a fly sees a map.
Live your life as if it were the last day, one day it will be. Love, give, share. Have peace, smile, hug, kiss. Make sure you are going to heaven. Mean it...
Real time data should be transmitted to a ground station and the Black boxes eliminated. Transponders and ACARS should NOT have a Off option.
lesson #1. Stay on the ground.
RULE #! DO NOT FLY FOREIGN AIRLINES!
lesson no. 9 don't fly their unfriendly skies
"...“conspiracy theories” that included alien abduction and a portal to heaven." I believe the "portal to heaven" reference regards what was clearly a hoax "PR release" someone did in the name of Sarah Palin. Even she's not really THAT f'ing stupid.
However the Main Stream Media and the DNC have convinced themselves that she is. I can only hope that this comes back to bite them.
Oh, she's pretty f'ing stupid, and in fact it's quite a commentary that many people have mistaken that hoax report as real. When someone goes THAT far to parody you, and people don't recognize it as parody, it shows just how low the bar is set.
How about MANDATORY(NOT OPTIONAL) satellite/radar transponder(S) that would only stop when there is a catastrophic failure of electrical/electronics that aren't easy to manually turn off
LESSON ONE....dont get on malaysian airlines LESSON TWO...dont get on a plane with muslim pilots END OF LESSONS
I do not buy this statement: "95.7 percent of occupants survived; put another way, 51,207 occupants of domestic airline crashes lived." Key word here is "crashes!" Appears to me that "incident" and "accident" (much less serious than "crashes") data is being used here to manipulate "crash" data. Yes, 95.7 percent of occupants may survive aircraft "incidents" and "accidents", but "crashes?".... I think not! (with the LUCKY exception of the Asiana 777 at SFO). Numbers can be manipulated to show almost any conclusion. Just my opinion.....
LESON NO.9 DONT GET ON CRP OVER 5 YRS OLD,NOTHING WITH LITHIUM BATTERIES,NDNOTHIG THAT HAS LITHIUM BATTERIES IN CARGO HOLE.BAD PART IS FRIGGIN FOOLS HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HAPPENED TO IT.
No, no, no. Lesson 1: Don't believe anything the "media" says.
Last week on the news stated over 75% on board is floatable think about it
For pittys sake enough!! Give the families a rest1!!!!!!
Once on a plane, a ship, or a train you are at the mercy of the captain and crew. If they have a bad day then you have one as well. It could cost you your life.
Same goes for your car. The guy coming the other way could decide to end it all and cross the center line. In other words, there are no guarantees in life.
i dont understand all this..they still haven't found the plane. why the rush to judgement
What a waste of space this article is...............
About time for all the "lawyers" to come out and start the mental anguish and emotional distress lawsuits. who has the deepest pockets?
Biggest lesson: DON'T LAND A PLANE IN THE GAADAHMN STINKIN' INDIAN OCEAN!! Heh heh heh heh heh heh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lesson #9 put a friggin $50 GPS on every plane so we know where it is at all times. If FedEx can know where their trucks are we can surly know where a plane is.
It always take many dead people before things change and its usually a small cost to the airlines
CNN told me it could be a Black Hole so I'm sticking with that until they find a plane.
Lesson 9: NEVER get on a jet, if it has a MUZZlE pilot.
How about this one: If you don't want to lose an $200 million plane, do NOT install a turn off switch for the tracking device!!!
Yeah don't fly on any crazy muslim airliners.
All I know is that the "black boxes" in my car are very expensive.
What's in those "black boxes"??? When I go to the range, I have one, or several, black boxes in my truck which are expensive (or, more accurately, contain expensive things), and when I picked up my fiancés ring I had an expensive "black box" in the truck...otherwise, I paid $1,500 for the whole thing...
what about not having an off switch on the transponder to begin with?
I thought one would be #$%$ happens'.
Main lesson Never let a muslim fly you or get control of you ! Might be a normal BAD ENDING !
Screen the pilot more carefully is number one importance....
One of these days in the relatively near future human pilots will not be flying these.
I'm convinced CNN's Jeanne Moos is out there tossing her empties off a trawler.
And the number one reason? DON'T LET MUSLIMS IN THE C-O-C-KPIT....
they forgot the number one...DONT BUY ANYTHING THE MEDIA PUTS OUT ANYMORE;BECAUSE THEY ARENT CONCERNED WITH FACTS..
1. What goes up, much come down. End of lesson.
I always heard "what goes up, must come down". Maybe yours is a variant on that.
Lesson 1; Relying on the governments of the world to save you, can cost you your life..
STOP THE CRIMINALS !!!!! EXECUTE ALL UNDERGROUND participants!
I found a Personal Locator Beacon (RT-B77 HELB) online. If I flew a lot I'd probably get one and keep it in my carry-on luggage.
Lesson #1 Don't fly with Muslim Pilots End of Lesson
The lesson I learned is, I ain't flying
One lesson I learned. Yahoo likes to burn up my bandwidth with clips done in Chinese. Sorry, YAHOO. I'm AMERICAN.
Only good Christians should be pilots-like priests or maybe boys from Columbine?
IM not sure about the 8 lessons bur number 1 lesson is....DO NOT FLY MALASIA AIRLINES.....
"Unfortunately, the airline industry has a spotty record when it comes to consistently meeting the needs of the loved ones"...REALLY? What about the way the vultures in the "media" act towards these same people? Why no comment about that Mr. "Journalist"?
yes don t fly with asian airlines...try to stay with the civilize world carrier USA in this way you have a better chance to get somenthing in back
Lesson No. 9: DO NOT ALLOW MUSLIMS IN THE COCKPIT
You hate to paint with a broad brush, but where the lives of hundreds of innocents are at stake, don't you have to go with possibilities?
This whole thing reeks. What's worse is the families know this is a load of #$%$. Poor people.
Yes, but even with that knowledge, the families refuse to accept it. The families want information that everyone agrees does not exist. Lots of theories, but no knowledge.
Lesson #9: Don't fly an airline run by the Keystone Cops!
Well, you obviously got yer known knowns,,,,, then, you got yer unknown knowns, and of course, you obviously got yer known unknowns. and then, everyone knows you got yer unknown unknowns. And finally, you got yer friggen sharks.
I am just wondering why all the non experts here seem to think they know more than the experts and it has been a mystery of the problems to much media speculation and other keeping it in the news we may never know unless the black box is found in time to get hopefully the data it needs !!!...
Well, they found Air France 447's black box after 2 years. While the pinger locator signal will die, the data will be recoverable if they find the box.
Here's a tip: Don't let someone board a plane with a stolen passport!!
Once again, if I can see the roses with my Droid and my google earth in Europe while I am in the US, I fail to see how we can even say "potential" objects. lol. get real news people!!!!! it either is or it isn't plane debris. what a bunch of crap this all is. wonder what the hell is being covered up this time!
lesson # 9 always fly american airlines ! 100 % safe
9. Planes are machines. They break and fall out of the sky. 10. Water is wet and things sink in it. 11. They never found Amelia either (see #10 above)
Rule #1. Don't fly, or go to, #$%$ areas of the globe.
try not to fly on any airlines they are all not in it for the consumers
the pilot did it - SUICIDE
If you want a conspiracy, watch CNN (communist news network). If you want facts, wait.
And FINALLY lesson 9 DONT LET MUSLIMS FLY PLANE AROUND CIVILIZED COUNTRIES, EVER!!!!!
And the main one, don't fly.
Number 1 lesson is do "NOT" fly on a third world airline being flown by anybody else other than an American or British pilot............ DO NOT fly with a devout Muslim at the controls..... they 'pray' five times daily, which means they leave the cockpit spread their prayer rugs and do that for an hour.......nobody in the cockpit.
No, they stagger their prayer sessions. When the pilot prays, the co-pilot operates the airplane. Often they mingle muslim pilots with infidel co-pilots to avoid that situation. They also make the flight times so that take-off and landing do not occur during prayer cycles. These are all in the muslim flight manual. You can relax, arrangements have been made for bigots such as yourself.
"This is not to say MH370 didn’t succumb to sabotage from forces inside or outside the 777" Quote found in lesson 1. McGee states that it is probable this tragedy falls in the 9% area.
lesson no. 9: don't expect any answers or any help in an asian airline disaster
Don't forget #9. Stop trusting Muslims!
...and Democrats, and Republicans and politicians from every nation and the media and academia everywhere you find them.
It ld be nice if they find out what went wrong. It also would be awesome if they found the boddies even now.This whole disaster is a nightmare. I still don't understand Malaysia's motive for lieing.
they shot it down. whats this unidentified plan coming at us in the dark.
Why do you assume the government was lying? They, like everyone else, don't know what happened even though people think they do know. They found Air France 447 after 2 years, but only 147 of the 228 bodies. Some bodies separated by 50 miles. It is really dark down there.
the REAL problem herein is that ANOTHER radical muslim flew a plane all else attest to the symptoms of the problem
The lesson here is very simple, the media makes a circus out of anything not caring how it effect others, in this case the families.....all they did was speculate and create nonsense stories from terrorists to blackholes to aliens.....so the media sucks bottom line.
Malayasia Airlines will crash and burn.
be patient, sooner or later the truth would be known God bless the Holy Papa is very concerned right now
Lesson # 1.... Don't fly Malaysia Air.
No one really knows what the H E double hockey sticks happened. It's all guesswork. Like our government and the debt ceiling and ACA and on and on ad nauseum.
lessons on a downed aircraft that nobody can find....ROFLMFAO!!!!!
"Much went wrong..." What an understatement.
Nothing is as it seems in this deal. Go to christopher greene's AMTV if you want the truth. This is the biggest conspiracy since 9/11.
If Spinal Tap did this study it would go to Lesson 9
It still could be terror, all they need is satelight blackbox's that airlines said were too expensive.
TL;DR, Did anyone else notice the non-asain chick getting stomped/shoved around 0:44?
They still havent proved they even know it crashed!
And the most important lesson learned that the article doesn't mention? The answer: DON"T FLY MALAYSIA AIRLINES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Those that would and could be held accountable, do not want the black box ever found......1, Among them is the mfg of the airplane...once considered the safest of all planes.....if this was mech failure, the mfg would be on the hook for the full liability...... 2. If pilot error, it's on the plane's owner.....,,,,,,3. If it's terrorist, then it's on the airline and the airport not screening enough (see the passport issues).... Either way, no one in this group wants the black boxes found. They would rather share the blame and pay out less per defendant, rather than having to take on the full load of the lawsuits.
You need to watch Leuren Moret: Flight 370 was US demo for Putin; Patent scam; Payback for Tribunal vs Israel, US/UK. This video will answer who caused the plane to crash and its quite a hornet's nest.
Lesson 9 Always bring a parachute in case shi+ hits the fan.
I never knew the US had so many 'aviation experts' especially on Fox
I don't know why they don't something that breaks of an aircraft during a crash that sends out a strong signal so they know where to look
Nothing has been foubd yet.And if something comes out it must be confirmed its from the plane they are looking for.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
just BS . if too much trouble with Chinese, ask them walk to take a bus
In the future, high - speed railway to replace aircraft. The aircraft can only carry cargo
however you sum it all up it still sound's fishy
If the NSA had info, the public would have a fit.
9) willy should stick to pop-culture.
was it a airline pilot error when the plane crashed into the twin towers?
"...and found that 95.7 percent of occupants survived; put another way, 51,207 occupants of domestic airline crashes lived." I conducted my own research, and found that a person floating in the Southern Ocean will not survive beyond 5 minutes 100% of the time.
I disagree. In Lesson #2 "an Airbus A320 on the Hudson River in New York City." That was a very controlled water landing while the plane was still in much control. We wouldn't have had this outcome if the plane was blown up in the air.
I can tell you this If that was happened in US AIRSPACE they would be greeted by Fighter jets within mins.
We learned that we can be bored to death by imagined possibilities talked over and over and over and over and over.
Repub Teabaggers would say NO tracking, NO mandated inspections, no rules and regs. Just let Pedro gas and go.
No, we just rather see you muslim cuntz dead
Can you muslim cuntz fly a plane for once without crashing please? Even China has had enough lol
i'M telling you, the flight probably slipped into some kind of time-storm.
Everybody carry a pinger that PINGS LOUD AND LONG
I only know of 2: 1) Do NOT FLY BOEING 2) Do NOT Allow Illegal Texans 2 Fly Abroad
#9 lesson. dont fly far east countries airlines
Lessons one thru eight...Do Not Fly Malaysia Airlines...
there is much info that they are not telling us. the official story does not add up. I feel horrible for the families of those involved. they are being lied to
9. You roll the dice every time you fly.
I will just summarize it to 1 : Don't fly ! simple as that !
Lesson No. 9: Walk or stay home, drink beer and smoke weed.
I hope the powers to be in Washington state see this, especially #'s 2 and 4...with a bit of # 8 thrown in.
It's pretty obvious that it was not sabotage that caused this, but SAB-A-TAAAGE! But seriously, folks, a bunch of dead commie chinese #$%$ warms my heart.
Did you know that only 20% of Chinese citizens are members of the Communist Party? Do you have the same inhuman attitude toward non-Communist Chinese? They are members of families just like everybody.
Shut up liberal socialist cheerleader commie sympathiser. You need to die.
Lesson No. 9: Don't fly on a foreign airline with Muslim pilots.
My lesson is to stay the hell off of airplanes.
lesson 1, don't fly Malaysian airlines
They is a lot more then 8 lessons and the first of which is, don't fly on that airline.
Extend happy hour in the control tower until 2:00am.
We think that the big lesson here is don't fly if you do not have to go!
The "glass box" makes the most sense. Nearly every cell phone can be located continuously using its gps. Airplanes should do the same, but with more advanced technology naturally. Probably cheaper than a "black box" anyway.
all planes by international law should have GPS transmitters that cannot be cut off by a pilot or anybody after the plane leaves the ground.
"Media coverage flailed on the likely causes." Winner winner, chicken dinner. Nice how the media was so quick to say "Iranians on board, therefore Muslims, therefore terrorists." Makes me sick.
The only "lesson" we need to learn is that Sheila Jackson-Lee (D-TX) is a complete MORON!
Lesson Number 9: If Amtrak don't go there then I'm staying here!
I believe they learned they need more full body scanners.
AND DON'T FORGET YOUR WATER WINGS???
You're more likely to be struck by lightning while peeing on the plane. There's nothing to learn here.
If you want a conspiracy, watch CNN or MSNBC. If you want facts, wait.
Sounds like higher prices are coming.
Stop with pointless stories about this damn plane ! Confirmed findings only I hope will be the next headline!
It crashed into the ocean, pilot error, mechanical malfucnction......... it happened, life is not perfect equipment fails people die end of story.
9. The 3rd world is still the 3rd world.
Lesson 9. If your pilot's is Muslim, change flights.
....the pax had over seven hours to break into that cockpit......as in UAL 93 of 9/11.....where were they ???? rip.....
Satellites that can see everything..oh yea..."just" for aircraft..ingenious way to monitor everyone in our post terrorist world
Lesson #1.....Don't get in a plane with a Muslim pilot, you never know when he will want his virgins.
So......have they actually made it to any of the "debris" yet? Confirmed it as debris, or just ocean junk? I still don't buy it.
If you can't dazzle them (the public) with data, then baffle them with bull(what?). The media has not learned a darn thing, including trial by jury is a thing of the past. We have the almighty press.
Latest FOX news headline..............."SIGH..... We Still Have Not Figured Out A Way To Blame President Obama For This Yet"!!!
I want to see proof........hard evidence, not some black box you got from a different plane.......passengers belongings....pieces of the plane.....the actual plane, not a piece from another plane.......If that plane went down in the ocean, there would be something out there.......
they should put a bomb on every plane, as when it goes off course and doesn't respond, it should be blown up. too dam many planes up there anyway.
one more "expert" heard from and we are still no closer to any real answers==
NEW AVIATION LESSON: INSTALL NET NANNY on all airline cockpits. Give the pilots & all flight crew more rest periods. Here's what I think happened: SMUT OVER MALAYSIA? ........ 1. THE FILES deleted off Capt. Shah's "sex simulator" were porn movies! 2. Mrs. Shah, also a wannabe pilot, and also being a good Muslim wife, moved their Friday Nite porn movies to a THUMB DRIVE. However, she mislabeled the THUMB, and it was that which Capt. Shah took aboard Flight 370 to "instruct" his young stud co-pilot. Whatever his name, the jr. officer needed "training." Right? 3. Co.pilot was so enthralled that he watched porn-- and put the plane on autopilot...... 4. Co.pilot found his muslim GF performing in the movies & decided he HAD to kill himself in a recently radicalized Muslim Rage. He was smart enough to delete and write over the THUMB DRIVE once again to conceal the smut evidence. ======================== 5. With all respect to the grieving families, SORRY for your losses.... but is this PORN PLAN a better theory to go on? We hope the plane's safely landed on the ground, held for the new JIHAD effort and the passengers will be let go, un harmed. 6. Seal Team 6 might disable the aircraft on land, with ONE hand grenade tossed into the cockpit..... inside a hangar in Pakistan? Good riddance to the terrorists, who already frightened half the Earth's population. That's "Global Terrorism, Mission accomplished, for the past 4 weeks!" -- new Terror Stunt..... there is NO END, NO CLOSURE on this event.... scare the world's pop. from flying without NET NANNY aboard?? $$#$%$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ -- Engineer.
Are you available to walk around in vegetable gardens later this spring?
Sure Raymond, just call my cell: fredp.mason.......... //at/// the YAH. Give these pilots a break; they are mere educated humans, smoking what?
2014 and we can't find this thing. No transmitter floats to the surface providing coordinates. Perfect..........just perfect. Is this thing in the Indian Ocean? At this point, I'm starting to doubt it. Did the pilot change course? Most probable. Did the pilot have a strong political objection to the present government? Definably. Very recent events in Malaysia, put someone opposed to the government in jail for five years. Now you put the pieces together....
It has always been my contention after the first day and there is no oil slick, these people is alive on some island somewhere. It seems every one is looking at the ocean, but no one is looking at land, I believe they made it to land somewhere. Its been eleven (11)days since the peril of flight 370 and the is absolutely nothing to indicate the craft went into the water, people are relying too heavily on satallites for answers, it look like every other day they see something else that a satellite has picked up and right-a-way the run to the news media with it. But no one is as bad as the PRIME MINISTER jumping the gun.
Planes don't leave wreckage or fuel slicks after crashes anymore. Why? Because the media says so.
Many refuse to fly. Being suspended 30,000 feet in the sky is not fun. For those who say that flying is safer than driving, just remember that after an auto wreck, the cops asks, "Is anyone hurt?" After a plan crash, he asks, "Is anyone recognizable."
Planes need "LoJack" - cars and laptops have the feature - I can't believe million dollar planes
"both types of recorders have been compromised due to severe damage, even mutilated beyond repair"? Mutilated as as opposed to damaged? Mutilated suggests someone or something found the box and destroyed it intentionally.
I am not a big fan of Yahoo news, but this William J McGee really did a good job with this article. So I will say it GOOD JOB WILLIAM!!!!!
Planes going over large bodies of water should be built like boats.......just in case they have to land some ware ........and extra portable boats should be carried along (The automatic blow up ones). More tracking devises should be good......portable ones that can be track by satellite. Or any other source....
Number 9, don't hire fanatic muslims to pilot a passenger planes.
Take your hate to Florida, the land of "shoot 'em if they look at me wrong". I'm sure they will love you there.
1) Never keep flying over the ocean when you are out of fuel. That's all I need. Not a pilot.
TYPICAL CHINESE ATTITUDE ME ME ME FIRST. ME ME ME DIE LAST. SORRY NOT ALL CHINESE ARE LIKE THESE PEOPLE BUT THEY ARE REALLY NOT GIVING A GOOD PICTURE .OF THE CHINESE.
Sure gives average Joe theorists something to conspire on,but what does it really matter.. nothing.dead people, gone plane, mysteries. Sucks but real.
I just have one question. this airplane was bound for china right ? so why/ how did it end up off the west coast of Australia ? and where they think it is why would any pilot fly there knowing how to read the instruments ? also knowing to only continent is Antarctica ? Im not sure there are any airports there at least any that could handle a 777 or even any people for that matter ? ok so it was more than just one question but it all goes together oh and not to mention limited fuel ????? Is there anyone that can answer these questions. The only thing I can think of is "someone who did not know how to read the instruments was trying to fly by sight , which if you've ever flown over the ocean is impossible to even know what direction your headed . Im no pilot Im no expert on anything to do w/ aircraft other than being thrown out of a few while in the service but Id like to hear some of the experts answer these questions. Im done now................
#$%$ ....why would Yahoo put on a video that the stuff is in Chinese, stupid idiots! I swear one of these days I will get so sick of their #$%$ #$%$ I'll move to MSNBC
#1 don't trust a muslim pilot
#2 don't trust a muslim passenger
When you take a third world country, and plug them into up to date technology, without the background, sweat, and work over the years...........this is what you get. NO CLUE WHAT TO DO WHEN THINGS GO WRONG. They are 3rd graders at the petting zoo for the first time. They stand there like impish gnomes, just grinning........
Ahhh. Islam. The religion of "pieces".
#9. Always pack your own chute....AND put it in the overhead!!
They are all dead, they have been dead since the plane 1st went down. Time to grow up and get over it, move on!
1 the jet got a tear on the body - american made is african made since 08 - no quality - and they witch hunt top american chinese scientists & mathematicians - it shows 2 malaysia should repair the tear before flying - jepen, phillippine, indonesia, malaysia, mexico, vietnam, somalia, india, nigeria - don't go near people with bad genes - jepen should not build nuke on earthquake island & kill the whole pacific ocean - jepen should have no nuke - malaysia should have no airline
I think everyone including animals should be microchipped.
8 or 100 lessons it only ends that terrorist knew how to stop the communicaton!!
Lesson #9. Don't fly on jets with Muslim pilots.
A BIG COVER UP : THEY ARE HIDING THE TRUTH'
Screen pilots..If they are part of society that has been tied to terriorist DO NOT HIRE THEM..All muslims believe non muslims should be killed..What is so hard for you bleeding hearts to understand..
Lesson #10- Alright goodnight is as bad as Allah Akbar.
Lesson one should be to #$%$ ISLAM
DON'T WATCH CNN OR FAUX NEWS FOR INFORMATION ON CRASHES...IN FACT DON'T WATCH EITHER "NEWS" ORGANIZATION
lesson1 ; dont fly with muslim pilots
What we really need now is a 'live streaming black box' on each plane that keeps on sending real time data to satellite and relay back to the ground monitoring center to be recorded. Therefore, any future air disaster, we won't hope anymore to recover the black box if the plane is highly difficult to find. We have all the information necessary in our hands. So, why didn't the airline industries start to implement this new system? Why still need to wait? Do you still think the MH370 lesson is still not enough?
They forgot the most important lesson. Take responsibility and don't cover up the truth….
Oh that's really subjective... Depends on which country...
they didn't try to cover from my pov, they were just simply blur and inefficient.
The Authorities believe they take their responsiblities seriously. They believe they never cover any truth. They are smart and efficient. How ????????? Heehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
The lesson to learn here is why a big Company such as Boeing that deals with such product i.e. aeroplanes do not have real pro-acitve Risk Management Division to anticipate or expect or even speculate the possibility of human error factor or the threat of aviation industry after the 9/11 incidents. Instead they're acting like another Company in a less develop country, where some kind of drama need to happen and only then followed thru by all kind "new-hitech-technology equipment", "new system", "new regulation" etc to be introduced (released) or promoted or even regulated as mandatory where the airline companies need to undertake with high prices....
looking at the team that handle the crisis one could be forgiven to say mas stand for malay airline system, the term Malaysian is a misnomer, luckily no indian and Chinese were in the team, otherwise foreigners would think Malaysians are so unprofessional, now they can narrow their perception.
Yup... They shot themselves in the foot this time...
yaa ,malay (mas) team ,other cannot work
For heaven's sake don't vent your feelings along racial line...It's cowardly, especially when u have written as anonymous. Remember, Malays form the majority in this archipelago. If u have nothing constructive to say....SHUT THE HELL UP!
Actually they shot their own feet so many times. That's why ppl lost confidence in them. @Jay, Malays as majority in this archipelago has nothing to do with competency. Malays are well known to "ROC" - Relek One Corner. Its the attitude that fails them.
talking about akipalogo, they were wearing sarongs and no underwear , why ? relex ma? also no toilet paper right ? why ? why bother to convert trees into pulp , grind into powder add this and that make it white color , why want to be so troublesome when berak only 5 mins and everyday you know ..
hey hey malays from malaysia and malays from other countries not the same you know. same goes for the chinese. chinese n singapore not the same as the chinese frm china with how they treat animals...
jay my comments are not on racial line but on nationality race line, it directed at Malaysian malay who think they are superior and own the country, well some of the orang utan organisation claim they have a superior thousand culture, Singapore malays are ok. They are more realistic and understand what is racial harmony
Augustine these is a result of thousand year superior culture, only superior culture people used hand to wash backside, don't change their culture please
The trouble with the Malaysian government is that it is fully of their own kind. No Chinese faces are seen except for the Sikh MC. Chinese Malaysians are second class citizens and the people in charge think that China Chinese are the same. This is real stupidity in the whole sage. Moreover, Malay Malaysians think too highly of themselves and don't know that the rest of the world don't give a damn about them and think of them as an opposite of what they think themselves. With this handicap you get the bad performance from day one of not reporting the loss of the aircraft, to not sharing critical radar information of the turn around to sending messages by SMS. In Malaysia, a Malay can send a SMS "I divorce you" three times to his wife and they are divorce!!
The problem is the voters did not vote in the Chinese representing BN or MCA. So no chinese in the Govt lah. Previously when there are Chinese votied in the transport Ministry is headed by a Chinese. Now, whose fault ????????? Heehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
On line black box which is sending real live data from plane to the huge hard disk via online using satelite. To save space, they can delete the data when the flight landed safely.
It is still not clear what actually happend, so all is just a gossip now. Let's wait till true information become available.
Gossip is juicy. Me like juice. Heehehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
Lesson no. 9: The Air Force should do their job and duty, not make assumptions?
The true first lesson - hire competent leadership and people with real capabilities. And not because they're of a certain race.
You mean certain race has no leaders and real capabilities meh ???? Heehehehehehehehe. LOL.
Only learned one lesson. When things are over or in hindsight, all the "experts" talk like experts, including my uneducated grandmother.
Many may strongly disagree with Lesson 1. Quoted … “ Statistically, considering sabotage at the expense of other theories is not only wrong — it’s very wrong.” …Unquote. Times of this day in age it is not, repeat, NOT, very wrong to consider sabotage at expense of other theories. Terrorism is a real threat, and is extremely deadly in today’s world. One must never lose sight of this clear and present danger, in any regard.
After reading this article, I wish everybody else should start using their head instead of their 'fingers'. Let's the engineers and all the related 'expert' use their hands and fingers.
Lesson 9: When kenna too much bad publicity, get a european aeronautical company to come up with the most remote and most technical reason to blurr the world so that the issue can close shop and everyone can go relek-one-corner again.
This comment should be read along this video... (google: Boy Shows No Fear as Helicopter Takes His Tooth Out.)
Agree all. This stupid MAS authorities texting to next of kin is unacceptable..simply a Malaysian way and dumb thinking.
New rule should be the Transponder OFF switch be disabled on plane once its airborne...no1 is allowed to switch it off..that should be the 1st lesson.
Agree with @DennisL. Catching fire is a lame excuse. Once the device runs on low voltage and thin wires. Not to say chances of catching fire is so low, once there's fire on the thin wire, the power will be cut anyway!
yeap mick, turn off transpond while on ground to prevent interference . the gps is also in doubt . system cost more to do flight tracking , so this gps thing is off. 3rd is radar - dont work much when over ocean and crossing over (country) they failed miserably la
if u cant find the plane to help it, fire or no fire its of no use to amyone if u don't know where the plane is, for pete sake!
Lesson No. 9: Don't take Malaysia Airline..your LIFE don't worth a cent!
Then take Malindo Air Or Lion Air when you next travel, so SHUT your pie hole!!!
Most important is the pilot ,check them regularly, do not smoke in the cockpit, their background, is it fanitic or not .There are so many innocent live .
they only check if you drink but smoke no
what 8 lessons? there is only ONE lesson to be learned from this tragedy. DON'T VOTE FOR BN!!! If PR rules, those humans who seem to know nothing besides giving conflicting information and disgrace would no have been up there.
No 9 , Never ever use Green Coconut , Flying Carpet , Straw Basket , Walking Stick as a gimmick , This shown Malaysia Government are really NO BRAINER , Malaysia BOLEH , Wahahahahahhahaha
.....two aircraft that hit the World Trade Center on 9/11, the recorders were not recovered from either plane.....need we to elaborate more....
throw Anuar in the jail first!
Lesson No. 5 "Do we really need black boxes" is a pertinent issue. Airlines and aircraft companies should seriously contemplate have a "off plane" data capturing system via satellites and downloaded to a computer on land.
One lesson. Never fly MAS. The pilot may be a terrorist.
We need to learn to STOP FAKING PLANE CRASHES!!!!!!
the main lesson dont let morons handle the matter(sorry libs)
thats 1500.00 per month per aircraft
Did they ever find the plane in "Lost"?
Sounds like the writer picked the wrong field to work. He should be working for the FAA-National Security Administration and the Department of Defense. This guy knows everything, but has chosen to just write instead.
ONE LESSON is all we learned .....#1 get on a plane and you just handed your life over to the pilot ......now when he drowns you at 8000 feet deep waters, because the cult leader he supports got sent to prison so he kills 239 people .......... know your pilot, he may be just minutes from killing you and your kids for shipts and giggles
I don't know about the rest of you folks but I'm staying off commercial airlines from now on. They are all a big pain in the #$%$. There's nowhere I need to go that bad that a train or car or a boat can't reach. Planeo endo that's my new motto.
They left off the most important lesson most people learned. If there is a whack job Muslim controlling this plane, don't board.
that survivability rate of 95.7% seems a little out of whack to me. now maybe they are including those little "fender benders" on the tarmac or hitting birds and such. but when you are at 35000 feet and things start going crazy fast, it is usually all or nothing.
why put 8 , put 800 also people wont listen
should be this 8 clauses ...1.never say it is balotelli 2. never say asian when they are iranian 3. never say confusion when you are just dumb 4. never bring old military man who wear their badges like north koreans 5. never say its the pilot or co pilot 6. never get a bomoh with coconuts into international media 7. never say they died when there is no evidence 8. never trust malaysian authorities
Lesson No. 8: Media coverage flailed on the likely causes.......macam MalaysiaKinika?
y not ? with half naked babes on board , die also " kum guan"